10,Adults who are happy seeing their children happy.
10,A movie that touched my heart after watching it
9,a heartwarming movie
10,Make sure to watch it. It contains all the values you need to pursue
10,Just don't go up and come down.
10,The movie recommended by SJ EUNHYUK! Please understand that this is the best movie of my life because I wrote a fairy tale and gourd without knowing the meaning of becoming a person these days. This is the movie that Eunhyuk recommended on the 103rd episode of NAVER NOW DANY SHOW!
10,The movie that SJ EUNHYUK recommended! It's so much fun! It's a movie where you can find your childhood innocence again. It's a movie that makes you believe in Santa once again. The best Christmas movie of my life!
10,EUNHYUK recommended it. So much fun
10,SUPER JUNIOR EUNHYUK's movie recommendation! Make sure to watch it
10,I teared up at the end. The movie that Super Junior Eunhyuk recommended! Make sure to watch it! You can feel your heart become rich!
10,It's just fun I recommend it
10,The movie that Super Junior's Eunhyuk recommended! A must-see movie!
10,The movie that Eunhyuk recommended! Guaranteed fun?
10,EUNHYUK recommended this movie 10 times It's a movie that you don't regret even if you watch it
10,A masterpiece recommended by SJ EUNHYUK! For a heartwarming and healing movie!
10,The movie recommended by Super Junior's Eunhyuk! It's a good movie to watch on Christmas
10,SUPER JUNIOR EUNHYUK recommended this song Let me see
10,The movie recommended by Super Junior EUNHYUK! Fun and childhood innocence? Should I say it's a movie that can save you? The drawing style and background are all great!
8,It's a touching Christmas.
8,May the lines in the movie be spread all over the world that good behavior leads to another good behavior.Another version of Santa's birth.^&^
10,It's healing and heart-warming
10,Make sure to watch it on Christmas... My life's anime top 3.
10,My heart feels so warm
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it
10,A movie like a Christmas present that warms your heart and makes you feel good
10,I just turned it on on Netflix to watch it while exercising.Why is it fun and touching when the prediction is about the development?
10,I didn't have much expectation. I wanted to watch it because it's a Christmas movie. I'm glad I watched it It's a touching movie that touches my heart The true story of Santa Claus adds to the fun Make sure to watch it!
10,It was so touching and fun
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It really warms my heart
10,I learned a lot about Santa It wasn't scary. It was good It's fun to deduce the next scene with your family It's touching. Elementary school student
10,It's so much fun! I want to watch it again
10,Best Christmas animation ever.If you still dream of a warm life and society.
10,The Best Christmas Movie
10,a heartwarming movie
10,They're so necessary in this age of disgust. I cried a lot
8,So Christmas goes by the winter.
10,The list of bad children was so funny.
10,I saw it on Netflix and it's a great movie!
10,It's a heart-warming story. I was so touched
8,It's a good animation to watch with children.Have a happy Christmas coming up.
10,The Secret of the Birth of Santa Claus
10,It's hairy and has a high rating. A 36-year-old man got goosebumps while watching a moviea strange experience
10,A heartwarming movie. I think I will watch it every Christmas.
10,It's a touching story where you can feel the excitement of waiting for Christmas when you were young. I can still feel it after watching it.
8,A warm work that reminds us that children are the beacon of society
10,Christmas season or fallI think the atmosphere will be great in the winter!I recommend it
10,It's a movie that makes me realize how much I miss you and makes me sad
10,Warm movie. I'm going to watch it again around Christmas.
10,Good deeds lead to another good deed. It's so beautiful and touching.
10,It's a masterpiece. I can't believe it's from Netflix
10,There's no need for words. Please make sure that everyone watched it.
10,I love it. It's my favorite movie. I cried a lot while watching it Make sure you watch it It's so touching that humanity is coming back to come back
10,A Midsummer Night's Best Warm Gift
10,It's such a touching and sad story.The perfect movie!!!
8,One good deed leads to a greater good.
10,It's touching even for adults
10,Best Christmas Movie for Adults
10,I really enjoyed it It's a neat and touching movie. It's perfect for Christmas specials
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family before Christmas in the cold winterI recommend it. ^^ lines create lines?
10,Why didn't such a great movie become an issue? A really warm movie. A lovely movie. It's touching. It's the best. Make sure you watch it. It's a good educational movie. Good influence breeds another good.
10,It warms my heart.
10,Evil is no match for goodness and is what adults should do in the future to keep children's pure hearts
10,The best Christmas movie to express Christmas
10,It was so touching!!!
10,Life movie that you must watch
10,I really enjoyed it. A touching movie in 50 lines. I like it a lot.
10,romance
10,It's a movie that moved me a lot
10,It's an emotion that you need in your life
10,I got in trouble because I got choked up while watching it while eating
9,What a lovely movie. It warms my heart.
10,A movie that makes me happy without any countermeasures.He's crying
10,It's a trick that makes it impossible to write a review. It is a movie that I want to show to children. I think the children will keep it in their hearts forever. It's a luxury Annie that I feel sorry for not being able to see in the theater
10,A movie that warms my heart. I want to be the only one who changes the world
9,Good deeds lead to another good deed.
10,The perfect Christmas movie.
8,I can't wait for the cold winter
10,I realized that Santa actually exists.
10,It's a warm Christmas movie that makes you feel like you're a child.
10,Best movie to watch on Christmas Eve!
10,It's like an animation for adults♡
10,It's the best movie ever
10,The Best Christmas Beginning
10,It's the best Christmas movie.  I cry every time I see it.
10,I didn't think much and cried. It's the best.
10,It doesn't matter if Santa Claus is a fact or not A movie that is deeply moved by the good influence of people and neighboring villages changing.
9,The Best Christmas Movie of My Life
10,It's so touching. I think this movie is like a Christmas present
10,The best animation movie I've ever seen
10,It's a perfect Christmas story
10,A Good Story Reinterpretation of Santa's Origin
10,It's a great movie even for adults who feel so warm. Make sure you watch it
10,I recommend you to wrap up 2020 warmly!
10,I think I cried about ten times The Best Film to Light Up Christmas
1,a rather childish and boring story
10,The most touching and funny animation movie I've ever seen in the winter
10,A movie that shows that the world is still beautiful
10,Wow... The perfect movie for Christmas is the greatest movie of my life!1
10,I cried about four times when I was 38 years old. I don't know what to say. Make sure you watch it. It's about a gift that changes a person's mind.
10,It's really great. It's warm and touching
10,The Good Effects of Christmas on Us
10,It was a movie called Santa Claus that reminded me of my childhood innocence. A warm movie that makes you smile all the time.Good deeds make another good.I think it's necessary for the board of directors.
10,That was a good movie. Good will leads to another good will
10,I'm so happy to see this by chance on Christmas Day.
10,It's so much fun. I strongly recommend it
10,I didn't expect anything. It was so nice크리스I will watch it every Christmas
9,I think it's a good Christmas movie
10,The story is so beautiful and touching.It's a movie that interprets how the Christmas story began interestingly. ♡ The story is interesting because it's not obvious. ♡ I think it's not obvious because Santa Claus is portrayed in a unique way
10,Children's stories that adults who couldn't do good deeds want to hear again
10,Make sure to watch the movie of your life on Christmas
10,Movies that you want to watch every Christmas Eve
10,He's turning 33 next year and cried a lot
10,How can you be so creative? Isn't it a genius to be able to give a story like this to Santa Claus that everyone knows? The writer and crew are amazing.
10,The writer is a genius. He's got nothing
10,Why didn't I know this movie until now?
10,I watched it lightly in the subway...
10,The story is very novel and the visuals are beautiful. I think it is a work that is differentiated from any movie related to Christmas and proudly entered the ranks of masterpieces of honor to the point where I want to go back and feel the same emotion again. a lot of fun;
10,Watch this while drinking cocoa at home on Christmas night
10,Oh my god. It's so amazing. Why did you say "spring" now?
10,2020 The best movie ever. Beautiful and touching
10,It's fun and touching
10,It's so much fun. I'm touched!The story is all good
9,The origin of Santa Claus that touches my heart. A masterpiece that I want to show my children
10,It was really incredible. It's been a long time since I made such a well-made movie that shows the beautiful things that come out more and more as I go to the climax. It's a movie full of greed to make the world beautiful without feeling commercial greed. So it's a movie that makes you happy the more you think about it. I want everyone in the world to watch this movie.
10,It's so touching. It was the best Congratulations on the birth of Jesus. I love you Lord ^^*
10,a Christmas movie
10,The reinterpretation of the Santa Claus myth was so fresh and interesting. It's a movie that would be nice to watch with kids later and it's a movie that warms your heart.Recommended as a good movie to watch on Christmas!
10,a wonderful movie with a combination of fun
10,a heartwarming story
10,I think it explains the origin of Christmas well.I think those who watched the movie will think of this movie every Christmas!
10,It tells the story of Sami and Klaus grandfather in a simple way
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's the best animation Make sure you watch it. I almost cried even though I'm an adult
10,I watched a good animation movie after a long time
8,The birth of a new Christmas animation that will be responsible for the home theater in December for the next few years!
10,I cried when I was 32 years old.Good deeds give birth to good deeds and may everyone in the world be happy.I'd like to recommend this movie
10,I can't believe I made this story out of the ordinary subject of letters.
10,A story that I will tell my children later.
10,They're all good. It's been a while
10,It's lovely and touching.
10,I was really touched by the kids. A movie that must be shown to children.
10,It's just the best movie that warms your heart and tears for no reason.
10,I've never had a rating like this before. It's a masterpiece. I can't express it with any words. It's a masterpiece
9,Good. Is it the origin of Santa Claus? Hahaha
10,It's good. It's just good.
10,This is a real movie. It's such a good content
10,A must-see movie for Christmas
10,I think this animation will come to mind in the winter now! A really fun and touching movie.
10,Best movie for childhood innocence
10,I cried watching an animation after a long timeA movie that lingers a lot and makes Christmas even more special
10,It's fun and touching Make sure you watch it. It's about the origin of Santa
10,I was so touched until the end^^
10,It's so beautiful
10,The best Christmas movie has changed
10,It's a heartwarming movie that I want to watch with my child again when he grows up!
10,It is the best movie to watch on Christmas.
10,The content is so warm
10,I think I'll see it every winter
10,It's touching. I love it
10,It's perfect.I shed tears...Movies suitable for winter...
10,The story was good and the OST was really good.
10,It was a happy movie that made me feel sad
10,A movie like a Christmas present that touched my heart
10,A movie that regains humanity. I recommend it as an end of the year movie!
10,It's been a while since I've enjoyed the beauty of my ears and my tired daily life with OST.I saw it yesterday and today in a long time ago.It became my life movie
10,That's a pretty story It's nice to see with the kids
10,I liked it because it was a unique Christmas story! The animation style is so pretty
10,A movie that brings back memories and feelings of childhood Christmas
10,It's worth watching! I think it's better than Frozen 2. I think it'll be okay to come out to the theater
10,It's just an animation that comes to mind all the time to time. Well made warm movie
7,The origin of Santa Claus is plausible
10,Best movie in your fingers!
10,I can only say that it's the best
10,Discrimination that has changed a lot but never changes
10,You made a good movie. I watched it with tears in my eyes
10,I enjoyed it so much
10,A film that breaks down all prejudices and boundaries with pleasure and grace
10,It's fun! It's fun!
10,A beautiful journey. Every moment is a perfect movie.
10,LOL It's a masterpiece. You have to watch it at least once
10,The best movie of my life. A movie that anyone can watch it.
10,The movie that comes to mind when you pass by KFC
10,The movie cast that touched my nose for the first time in a while was so perfect that I cast my vote for a life movie that I can't easily forget the touching moments
10,The sharpest but warmest racism. The best drama and melody.
10,One of the top five movies in my life
10,People change and grow through relationships
10,It's a very moving movie.A movie that I want to show my students
10,I've watched this movie about five times. I think I've seen this movie the most
9,the serene beauty of difference and understanding
9,Fill in 10 characters except for gaps.
10,It's the best movie ever.I hope there will be many movies like this.It's fun even if you watch it many times.
9,It's been a while since I've seen a healing movie. A movie that makes you smile all the time.
10,It's my third time watching this movie The word that dignity overcomes violence touches my heart anew. It makes me think a lot about living with human dignity.
10,I made my last mouth like this and it ended
10,Shirley was a musician who could play courage and people
10,A movie that makes me think a lot.
10,I was really touched when I just saw it. Why did you see it now?
10,I've watched it four times and I think it'll be fun to watch it a hundred times
10,The best Merry Christmas from two people who don't know why they're crying
10,a warm Christmas movie
9,I thought the title was so boring. So funny
10,Their friendship. It was warm and old. I loved it. Surprised because it's a true story
10,I watched a heartwarming movie
10,It's the most beautiful movie of my life
7,The poor flow is filled with director and actor capabilities. A movie worth watching for PC color.
8,He solved the heavy topic in a fun way
10,It was really fun to see the message and touching that gave me comfortable and small joy. Your acting is amazing
10,His lawyer was President Kennedy trying to change the worldMerry Christmas!
9,It's been a while since I watched a peaceful and beautiful movie
10,A very well-made film.
10,It's been a while since the movie Shawshank Escape. It is a movie that deals well with the heavy theme of racism and prejudice against it and breaks the prejudice we have. It's a movie that gives you 10 points in a long time.
10,I wanted to see you early...Let's wait ten!
10,I really want people to see it
10,The orange bird scene is the best because it's played a hundred times better than it used to be on a spectacular stage decorated by white people!!!!
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken that I met at the height of art. Chopin harmonizes with friendship and rings on the keyboard. The script that hits and receives the lines in a twist is as cheap as Curtisak whiskey. It was the aftertaste of a delightful sip of film.
9,It's a moving movie that makes me think a lot.
10,A country where this work is highly regarded... It's good. It's worth getting drunk on it!
10,It was really impressive. Please make a movie like this. Thank you
10,It was the best movie ever.
9,Friendship beyond racial discrimination is so heartwarming. I loved the last scene and I think it'll remain in my heart.
8,The casting is perfect for you. LOL
10,The two touching characters that are calm and giving are so attractive.
10,It's nice. Their tour is not boring at all but full of tension. It's really touching
10,The importance of first experiences to break away from stereotypes.
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,It's Ha Jungwoo's favorite movie. It's so much fun.
10,My favorite movie. I recommend you to watch it no matter what.
10,It's a really touching movie. And self-reflection. I wonder if I'm unconsciously discriminating against racism.
8,The acting of the two actors is excellent.Bigomoteson's belly is so cool.The story is a bit predictable.
6,Are you feeling dry? This kind of movie overflows and overflows
10,Impressive prejudice is scarya good ending
10,The best movie ever. The two main characters' acting is terrible. Make sure you watch everything Recommend.
10,I will remember the message from the movie
10,Director is a genius. Things to think about in the 21st century
10,I almost fainted with anger during the movie.Black lives in those days are like sari all over your body.
10,Every scene in which the process of acting is perfect is lovely and it was a waste of time.
10,I saved it and now I'm taking it out It was such a great movie!
10,I really liked all of your acting. It's one of my favorite movies that warms my heart
10,My son takes a look and keeps looking. The story is solid and the actors' acting is great. It's a movie that deals with human rights issues without being too provocative.
10,Confrontation and co-existence. The piano melody is so charming. Recommend.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot
10,It was so touching to see each other fill each other's weaknesses
10,a film that lingers in one's mind
10,Such a beautiful story
10,A movie full of fun and touching moments
10,Perfect acting. Simple flow. It's such a good movie.
10,The two men's acting skills are excellent. It was much better because it was touching until the end and it was not an obvious story at all.
10,It was so much fun
9,I think he gently sent a critical message about racism
8,beautifully express sad history
10,It was a perfect movie until the end
8,That's what Green Book meant I enjoyed watching it calmly
10,I hope one day this kind of movie will be popular.
10,Every part of the movie is perfect. I've never seen a movie with a rating. You're deeply immersed in both of these characters.
10,a movie that shows a world that has overturned stereotypes
9,What determines a person's worth?
9,Racism must be eliminated. The chemistry between the two was so good and two hours passed quickly.
10,Different but same color
1,Not funny
10,be calm and heavy
10,The movie of my life! There's no big crisis. The calm mood
9,"I know there's a complicated side to artists." The beautiful words of understanding and the movie that filled me with laughter and tears
10,A true story? I can't help laughing.
8,Heartwarming movie. It shows how a black man and a white man mix well.
9,It's good even if it's not a PC bug
10,The best movie... It's so touching and it's still lingering I hope there will be a lot of calm and touching movies like this
10,A heartwarming work that shows the hope of white people overcoming racism along with Half.
10,The bond between people makes it easiest to explain all times and history.
10,A movie that is really fun and touching. It made me think a lot. It's a wonderful piece of work!
10,It was so lingering that I wished it would continue even at the end of the story It was touching but also heartbreaking.
9,I enjoyed watching it.
7,A movie that everyone wants to see
10,Tony's acting is the best
9,A movie that warms my heart after watching it.
10,It touches your heart deeply
10,The best movie that I really liked
10,Courage to get rid of loneliness and prejudice and reach out
10,It's a movie that reminds us of Aragon's rediscovery and prejudice against us all
9,It's calm but it's not boring and it's full of jami...
10,It made ordinary stories cool without boredom.
10,Is there anything missing? It is a movie that shakes human emotions that evoke various emotions.
10,I think it's going to be one of the best movies
10,a well-made film It feels like a hexagonal midfielder.
10,What color and what color can you define skin color today?
10,It's been a while since I saw a really good movie.
10,Please don't discriminate against Asians
10,You're the best. I have nothing more to sayMake sure to watch it
10,It has been a long time since I saw my favorite movie.
10,I watched the full video right after I saw the 10 minute video on YouTube. It's a waste of time to watch until 2 a.m. It's the best movie I've seen recently.
10,I'm afraid of people's prejudices
10,It's the best movie that made me think deeply and feel grateful about the dignity of ENHWA in 2021
10,Ah! Aragon uses "paper" too
10,There was no tear-jerking part and it was so much fun. Remark... Cool guy
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! [Laughing
10,I watched a great movie after a long time
10,This is a masterpiece.
10,It's been a while since I felt a good ending
8,Buddy movie that makes you feel good when you watch it without getting bored
10,It was impressive
10,It's the best. I watched it on TV and I'm touched
10,A movie that touched my heart the whole time I watched it!Top
10,The movie is really great.
10,Luluajajajajajajaja--
10,It's so beautiful. A movie that is different from the third-rate movies produced in the factory.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I really recommend it.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I really recommend it.
10,I've seen the Green Book about 10 times. I hope you all watch it
9,How are you doing... Tony's greeting reminds me of Joy from Friends.  Italian guy
10,The best movie of my life!
8,The two main characters' contrasting acts of dignity were so good
10,It is good. I guess you are watching a movie to meet this kind of movie.
10,I really enjoyed it.I'm touched. 10 points! Perfect.
10,A masterpiece without fail in recommendation lol
10,You're the best. It's not a movie I'm going to evaluate
10,Chicken...mmm
10,It was a touching movie. It's all the more touching that it's based on a true story!
10,M and N
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,It's a touching movie. I'm touched by the actors' acting
10,I just loved the movie itself The ending was good. It's a heart-warming movie.
10,It was a movie that made me feel a lot of thingsIt's the best.
10,It was fun.
10,It's really fun. Make sure you watch it
10,Uncle Tony is the Lord of the Rings Aragon.
10,Best movie ever.It was touching
10,I couldn't get more emotional
10,It's fun. It's the best movie in my life
10,It's a movie that makes me feel a lot of things to just say that it's fun.It feels like my heart is being purified. It's beautiful...
10,It's a very good movie I haven't seen in a while.
10,The best Christmas movie by my standards
8,a calm family movie
10,A calm smile and a touching emotion.It's a great movie.I strongly recommend it.
9,It was more touching because it was a true story.
10,It was nice to enjoy the sad but touching movie last scene party together I'll watch it again when I can forget it
10,A moving film to rethink racism
9,The courage to do what someone has to do first
10,Perfect movie. Shirley's sad eyes keep ringing. I hope it disappears from the reality as soon as possible due to racism.
10,It doesn't matter if it's real or not.The best movie ever!
10,I don't want to be compared to obsessive schoolteachers who control ratings.I cried when I played the orange
10,A heartwarming true story movie that happened in a time when discrimination was prevalent! This movie reminds me of winter and Christmas. It's such a touching movie!
10,It's so touching and it was a must-see movie for this season.
10,his sad and determined will to win only with dignity
10,It's so much fun!
10,It's calm and lingering
10,Human-made discrimination! A movie that reminds me of that discrimination! It was a very warm movie that fits this winter!
10,Their friendship that transcended nationality and race... E-Mart's song came out in the middle
10,It was a really great movie.
10,I can't believe he was a Hall Pass coach.lol
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.
8,I enjoyed watching it.
10,Good. It's really funI want to see it again
10,It was so much fun and uncomfortable the whole time.
10,There's a lot of humor in the movie that makes you realize
10,Crazy movie... A movie that I really like no matter how many times I watch it
8,It's a movie that makes you happy How hard and courageous black people must have been in the past
8,The green book that I just read. Even if it's not spicy. Beautiful running shoes full of empathy and emotion...The director's sense hidden everywhere and directing skills that caught me off guard are cool and pure. I watched a movie that can give 8 stars in 2 years. Good!
9,b
10,First place out of the movies I watched recently. It's not a waste of time
10,It's crazy. It's my favorite movie
5,Image laundering is like Peter Farrell
10,It's this! This!
9,Christmas invitations do not weigh the clackish quality or the improvisation of jazz. I just need the courage to knock on the door with a warm heart.
9,Hollywood that can give echoes and lingering emotions even if there's no forced touching wave
10,Don Shirley is a great man!!
10,The movie of my life that's
10,It's my favorite movie
10,It was good. I can smile at the last sceneI like it more because it's a true story
10,It's warm
10,It's a jik! Both of Nam Joo's charms! What do I do?
10,A movie where blackness and whiteness become human
10,The last police officer is awesome
10,Amazing. I didn't know that time went by just with the OST.The middle finger of prejudice and arrogance in the world!
10,I was surprised 100 times by the best movie acting on Christmas
10,Let's talk about it after watching it's all...Don't look at the peninsula
10,You're the best. Someone like Aragon?His acting and story are the best! Fun and touching!
10,It was a movie that could be a big help to my life. I was very happy to see it without a word to write.
10,It's a lot of fun.The production that humorously but lightly unravels the heavy subject matter
9,2 Mart music plays at the second performance around 48 minutes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'
1,The movie with the highest rating is for women in their 30s. It's a movie that low-functioning nerds would like
10,There's no needless words. Make sure to watch it. It's a masterpiece that makes you think for a long time after the movie.
10,The best movie! The movie you want to watch again and again
10,^^ No words needed~ Good!
10,It's so touching. It deserves an Academy Award A really good ending to a movie is the best
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't miss out on every line and every scene
5,The overall story lacks immersion.
10,I don't need words. Tears flow down as the movie ends
10,One of the best movies of my life. I will love you more and be loved more
10,The best movie I've seen in the last 5 years
5,A movie consistently tailored to PC code. the gap between political values and workmanship
10,It was a movie that was so touching that I couldn't say anything. It was a time when my thoughts changed a lot.
10,I liked the part where you said that you helped me with the letter at the end
10,It's a movie that makes me feel good
10,Don't discriminate against black people. It's a one-word summary.
10,A heart-warming movie that touches the heart.I've missed a couple of chances to watch it properly on TV and it's so nice.
10,It's a movie that makes you smile the whole time you watch it
10,It's a masterpiece that you don't need to write for a long time!
10,It was more than I expected
10,Pizza is this from now on.
10,It was a movie with warm impression and fun after a long time. I want to keep it. I hope that prejudice and discrimination in the world will be eliminated
10,It's a really humanistic movie. It's so touching
10,You're the best. What else do you need?
10,Best movie in a while. I'm impressed
10,Merry Christmas :))
10,I watched it without thinking because it got the highest rating on NAVER's movie. It's so much fun
10,It was so much fun
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,It's a movie that's so touching and makes me think a lot
10,It was fun from the beginning to the end
10,The time spent watching a movie is valuable
10,It was so sad to see 130 minutes of your chemistry I'm sure it's the most touching
10,a rush of emotion~~
10,I'm so touchedcrying
10,This is a masterpiece. It feels like I've seen a real movie after a long time.
10,It was so touching. I enjoyed it
10,Setting and directing that obscures the standards of subordination and discrimination. The irony of the Green Book promoting separation for harmony.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.When will this kind of movie be possible in our country?
10,It was so touching and fun.
10,"I wouldn't wait. There are many people who are afraid to reach out first even though they are lonely."
10,I watched a warm movie after a long time.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that I really enjoyed
10,I was sleeping and then I laughed. It's a movie that makes you smile after being frustrated. The two main characters. They are beautiful people. a warm heart Communication. Understanding. A movie that tells us what we should always think about and live with.
10,The movie was so moving that I fell in love with his elegance and his macho appearance
10,It's just a movie that's worth watching once in your life♡
10,I enjoyed it^^
10,How can I not love these two men?
10,A beautiful movie that shows human dignity and love as beautiful as the beautiful music that runs throughout the movie.*
10,One of the best masterpieces of my life
10,The story progress and the end of the movie are so good and I like the feeling of the two's emotional changes. I strongly recommend...
10,It's the best. I don't know if I can see you again. Will I be able to feel the same emotion again? It was the best
10,It's a heart-warming movie. I hope there are many people with that kind of thought.
9,a gentle touch
1,I can't agree that this is the highest score on NAVER
10,Discrimination and respect were not seen in life. I could see it from the outside.Remark: Mortenson's eyes are memorable. I remember the scene where I cried on a rainy day asking who I was.
10,I highly recommend it to young people.
9,It was a story that could be projected not only in the history of black inequality but also in wartime.
10,Please listen to the OST.I'd love to.
10,I was touched the whole time
9,a touching journey of blacks and whites
10,I like this movie so much beyond the expression that the movie is fun.
10,The movie I want to watch on Christmas
10,Let's watch it until the end! It's lingering...
10,Perfect movie. You chose all of them because you can double the points of appreciate.
10,I really like the calm touch.
10,When everyone is talking about movie reviewsI admire Don Shirley's fabulous dress in the play. How can you dress so beautifully and the main character looks so good in it^^
10,It's my first time writing a review. I think it's the best movie of my life. I was so touched that my heart was broken.
10,I just met the best movie of my life.
10,It's so much fun. I found my favorite movie
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie. It's so touching.
10,a heartwarming film
10,It's my first time getting a rating. I can't even take my eyes off it. It's so much fun!
9,Everyone can be friends :)
10,Humans are all the same. There is a man's fear of making a difference.
10,I kept looking at Dr. Sulli in fear of what would happen. Maybe this is also a prejudice that I had
10,Top
10,This is real. You can't stop smiling
10,There's a reason why people would like it. It's a relief that I watched it late
10,Genius alone is not enough to move a person's heart. It takes courage
10,It's better because this movie-like story is a true story
10,A movie that would have been nice if two people watched it
10,May the equal world of all races come...
10,It's been a while since I watched it
10,It's the best that you've seen this movie now
10,There is definitely a reason for winning the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2019.A really good movie
10,I got goosebumps when I saw Chopin playing the winter wind at the end of the orange bird.crying
10,My life movie is enough
9,an old-fashioned plot buddyThe film is a perfect score for how well it expresses it.
10,He could sit on an old uplit piano and play Chopin when he couldn't see anything to fight
10,It's not a forced touching movie. It's a really touching movie. I lost track of time and watched the production of the story production was amazing.
8,A film reminiscent of the French film [Untouchable 1% Friendship] It was fine.
10,Showing the peak of Italian gangster acting
10,Life that does not belong anywhere is lonely.
10,The movie that was perfect until the end
8,You really enjoy the Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,The expression that the heart becomes grand should be used in these works and movies.
10,The best movie of my life. It is a movie that anyone should watch once. Why did I watch it now? Directing... Story... Acting... Performance... I'm falling for it. I'm getting emotional.
10,The wave of emotions!
10,The wave of emotions!
10,It's 10 points for everything
10,It's a movie that's essential for the current situation. PEACE!
5,a film of no consequenceIt's just a trailer. It's not funny. It's not enough to talk about black oppression.
9,A true movie dealing with discrimination. I hope the directors of Korean cheap new drama will watch and learn
10,The deep emotion that comes in between the music and the warm chemistry
10,The background of the times and the treatment of the protagonist. unfair treatment that still exists
10,r
10,It's my favorite movie^^
1,It couldn't have been too much.
10,Look at the facial expressions of all the characters and where their eyes are directed.It's a great movie with great directing and planning
10,I laughed at Shirley's expression when she threw it out of the cup
9,A touching movie that solved the problem of racism that could have been boring by being witty and immersive
10,It's a movie where tears and laughter come out at the same time. It was an unforgettable movie. Thank you for the production.
10,The film is divided into two scenes where Tony throws two cups into the trash can and Tony willingly invites the Doctor to a Christmas party
10,This movie is really neat
8,the priceless gains from discrimination
9,The calm touch and constant humor give a refreshing feeling
10,A gun with a twist hidden in Tony's waist!
10,Just watch it. A heartwarming movie
10,It was so much funI'm touched that it's a true story!Your acting is the best! I watched it three times^^
10,Life becomes a fun and warm trip because you have a friend who sympathizes with you despite discrimination and prejudice.
10,It's a beautiful movie that really warms your heart^^
10,That's all I can say
10,I feel better when I see it
10,Perfection
9,It's a really good movie. But will it get a higher rating than Shawshank Escape?
10,It's funny to throw chicken bones out of the car door
8,The score is higher than I thought. Did I expect too much?
9,Tony's acting was natural and nice to see cool
10,It's my first time leaving a review. It's really fun
10,Trite doesn't mean it's worthless.
10,A movie that makes you feel good all day.
10,Let's watch it comfortably without any expectations There are so many touching and fun scenes. It's the best!
10,Merry Christmas. The beginning of a family is another person.
10,Why is this movie so interesting?
10,It's so touching and funHow hard it is to break prejudices.It makes me wonder if we're stuck in a rut
10,It's an Oscar-winning film. It's a different level from a trash swindler family real-life movie.
10,The world is full of prejudice. Prejudice seems to come from ignorance. I think this movie is really mature.
10,It's just so much fun. I think it'll be more fun if we get to know more about American history
10,be short of a rating of ten This is the movie of my life!
10,It's the best movie of my life Make sure to watch it
9,It is good to understand each other and become more and more advanced humans.
10,I can't forget Shirley playing in a restaurant on her last Christmas show... the best movie of my life beyond La La Land
10,To maintain dignity is to win
10,Dr. Don Shelley's untidy words and actions seemed lonely and lonely It was a movie that made me think about how to compensate for the sadness of black people I really want to meet someone who can fill each other's gaps
10,I was so impressed that I could see it well
10,Why did I watch this movie now?a delightful and delightful film
6,I was moved by Mahershala Ali's performance.
10,Covering all the boring scenes with just the acting of a U.S. travel story that fills in the gaps of two men of different races
10,It's a movie that warms your heart>_<
10,This is the best movie ever. Very good.
10,I'm not saying anything. Make sure to watch it
10,I always win when I maintain the dignity of my life's movie Green Book
10,It's just people and love. The Story of Man's story. I respect you. It is the movie of my life movie.
10,Don't pretend to be impressed by the movie and stare at Southeast Asian people you encounter on the subway right away. Asians are no different.
8,Valeronga's temper is scary.
10,Green book. Wouldn't there be a green book in Korea right now?
7,A calm film based on past black discrimination in the United States. But why does American Black's discrimination against Oriental still exist in 2020?
9,It was an interesting and not boring movie It's a movie that I focused on without realizing it
9,A movie that many people want to watch
10,Ocn is playing it... It's raining... Even while I heard the window hit... I lost track of time. a heart-warming movie
10,A masterpiece that you need to see at least once!
10,It's a really warm and full movie. I'm so happy
9,I really want to eat KFC...
9,It gives a calm impression with easy directing and acting.
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece
8,The movie is so good
10,I enjoyed watching it. The performance was good and I enjoyed the actors' acting
10,Merry Christmas
10,I was happy the whole time
10,I almost spit out Kentucky Fried. It's so much fun
10,There's no other movie like this that was perfect
10,I can't believe that the friendship between men can be so touching
10,I wish all discrimination in the world would disappear.
10,A movie that warms the hearts of viewers
10,It's the best movie ever. A must-see movie for anyone! A movie that makes me reflect on and think about my prejudices.
10,It was very fun and touchingI smile all the time I see it and it's over. It's been a while since I watched a great movie~~
10,Unexpected fun and touching. One of the best movies of my life!
10,It was a very moving movie. Their friendship was as good as a lucky idol. I recommend it!
10,White people's reflection on black discrimination that we're used to.  But regretting discrimination against Asians is always... ^^ One step closer to the parasite?
10,I hope other people watch it at least once That's what I thought
10,I watched it warmly.
10,I want to recommend this movie because it's a touching movie that has a good reason for winning the Academy Award
10,A good man and a man's story
10,cool
10,I'm black. I'm not black. I'm not white. I'm a man. I'm not a man
10,The most touching and memorable movie since "Untouchable". A masterpiece where the next scene was expected throughout the whole time.
10,It's the best. The message and overwhelming feeling of the movie is huge.
10,Everything is close to perfection. I was surprised to see that the sweet and sweet so-called bias was treated so freshly that I was surprised that this was a true story.
10,I hate racism.
10,I didn't know there was such a great movie. I recommend it as my favorite movie.
10,Everything was a perfect movie
10,A warm movie I haven't seen in a while.
10,I've been sick and tired of watching movies with super heroes. It was nice to see a movie that focused on human stories after a long time.
10,The best movie I have seen recently was really interesting. Please watch it
10,The Green Book will be one of many inspirations to enrich your life.
10,I was so happy to see such a good movie Thank you.
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's a movie where I can't forget about directing and acting
8,It's been a while since I saw a heartwarming movie
10,It's a good movie. I'll watch it again!
10,have no choice but to win in dignity is bound to prevail
10,Only dignity can win. Dignity always wins.
10,Lonely people find it difficult to take the first step!It makes me feel a lot
10,A masterpiece in a long time! One of the masterpieces in my hand!
10,The best movie in my 17 years of life
10,It's the best movie of my life! "Because it takes courage to move a person's heart."
10,It's a warm and humorous story
10,a heartwarming movieTouching
9,A warm movie. Merry Christmas
10,There is a reason for the high rating
10,It's so fun and touching
10,This is what a movie is...Let's stop making straws and make a warm movie like this.
10,Good. Thank you~~
10,Good! I can't believe it's all fun and messages
8,From throwing away cups to friends
10,Movies that you want to recommend to others
10,It's such a cool movie that I can deliver a better message in a fun way even if I don't cry anymore
10,Say with Dignity. Very good at capturing the emotions and events when two people encounter an incident.
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure you watch it
10,There's no discrimination in front of UJUNG
10,I recommend it
10,Friendship and courage beyond black and white
8,The movie that I was ashamed of watching people with prejudice throughout the movie
10,Buddy Movie on American History and Human Rights. Let's go on a car tour to the south of the United States in 1962.
1,Grading for reduction due to excessively high
9,The story of two men who face the world in their own way about prejudice
10,I loved the story of Tony and Shirley overcoming discrimination
10,It was impressive!
8,A letter for everyone who's tired
10,Who decides the color is a great work
9,It shows how one's values change well
10,It's touching and fun. The acting was great and I lost track of time.
8,Academy Award: Why Racism Should Go Away
9,Another masterpiece of bromance following "Untouchable"
10,I want to send my condolences to all the black people who lived in that era
10,Make sure to watch it. It's such a good movie
10,A movie that I was thankful that I could see in the movie theater with the re-release I enjoyed watching it so much that I didn't know how time went by.
1,The person who wrote the script for this movie is a racist
8,It's more touching that it's based on a true story.And it was more refreshing because the actors weren't familiar with it
10,What do you mean this warm movie!!! I don't know why I saw it now. It's a really fun and heartwarming movie. I think it will remain in my heart for a long time.
9,No one in the audience who comes out of the movie frowns on the white people in front of themA movie is just a movie
10,It's a movie worth 10 points.
10,Oscar's choice was not wrong. Every scene was fun and everything was interesting. Such a movie can be said to be a true killing time.
10,The second officer blew my head off.I wondered if this was a prejudice.
10,I can feel the lingering emotions and emotions of you because you were inspired by it
10,To be able to see the Green Book now... I think it's a relief. I think it will remain one of my movies.
10,It's super fun. It's not boring for a second from start to finish.
6,There have been so many movies like this since a few years ago
10,I think I've seen it more than twice. It's so much fun
10,It's touching. Prejudice is scary.
10,Maybe it's because it's a true story
10,It's touching. I can look back on myself being prejudiced
10,This is what 10 points is. The rating without a single part-time job
10,It's calm and moving. The acting of the two actors is excellent
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,A masterpiece that deserves an award. It makes me realize how painful life is to be discriminated against and put up with.
8,I started watching it by chanceI'll have to rewatch the supersonic version first
8,I think this is the first road movie about the origin of fried chicken
10,Good! Look! Both of you are so cool! I need to work hard to be unbiased
10,The lucky stone Tony picked up from the floor went through the car's dashboard in his pocket and onto Shirley's table.
10,Sunday at 2 p.m. a great movie. Mrs. Tony is really pretty
10,I just saw it on OCN and it was really impressive. It's one of the few good movies I've ever seen
10,It's so much fun
10,I like this kind of movie.
10,I ended up concentrating without realizing it. The first line of the police I met during the heavy snow drive made me nervous.
10,You two are becoming friends
9,The touching story of the friendship between two people with different personalities and different environments...
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's so much fun. I laughed a lot It's my chord
10,It's a good movie that breaks prejudice and fills each other's deficiencies
9,You can raise your emotions sufficiently without forcing yourself to do so. A white man who lives like a black man and a black man who lives like a white man. Applause for their friendship.
10,Merry Christmas!
8,The movie is very calm and bold.
10,I'm speechless.  I don't know what to say about this masterpiece. I want to stand up and applaud
10,Prejudice is the feeling that I make myself.Elegance can make a deep echo.It was fun to appreciate the actor's acting skills more deeply.
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece. A good movie to watch at the end of the year.
10,It's a movie that tells you what your identity is.
10,I hope everyone hasn't seen this movie
10,It's been a long time since I last saw this movie.I realized again that prejudice is the scariest thing.
10,I loved the music playing throughout the movie. It's a movie that makes me think deeply about racism
10,It's a movie that's touching and exciting!
10,It's fun. I recommend it
10,Am I living my life proudly?
10,Good. A heart-warming movie.
9,It's a good movie. Racism should be banned. But I should discriminate against Jjanggae.
10,Good. It warms my heart
10,The movie that made me log in
10,It's a calm but deep movie that gives a happy echo
10,I want to try the orange bird I think it's going to warm my heart
10,Tony is so funny. I strongly recommend it
10,I love it. Just watch it
10,Please let everyone watch this movie
10,That Aragon of the Lord of the Rings...LOL
10,It's obvious but good. It's boring but good.
10,You can see the social reality of the time without stimulation.You can feel calm happiness after canceling the last Christmas celebration.
10,It's a crazy movie... Wow... It's a masterpiece...
10,My heart is happier than my eyes. Stronger than tenderness
9,You were Aragon in the Lord of the Rings?No wonder I saw you.
10,You don't need words. You're so funny
10,I'm sorry I didn't see this movie in the theater I wish it would be re-released!
10,It's touching. I've come to think again about human rights and discrimination.
10,I was worried about what would happen to them. But I'm glad it was a relief.
9,America is best at making movies about racism.
10,A movie that touches my heart.
10,It's a movie that still lingers in my mind
10,I envy you for your wonderful life. You're an example in many ways
10,...courage + trust = trust
10,I'm touched. And fun!
1,My life's work
10,The middleman's position can break anyone's prejudice. Take off your colored glasses. We're all just Homo sapiens.
8,a heartwarming movie
10,A movie that's not missing a single thing many times
9,A movie that makes me realize a lot. It's fun! Recommendations!
10,Appropriate push-pull performance. An unpredictable story.
10,It's a shame a lot of people didn't see itIt's like a hidden pearl♥
10,The Meaning of the Green Book
10,What a wonderful movie...
10,I happened to watch it on TV and it was so touching
10,A movie that makes you feel at ease after watching it
10,It's so much fun ^^ I watched it twice~~
10,Oh... Cigarettes in there.  My neck hurts.
10,I want to call it the peak of a calm movie
10,The fit of Shirley's outfit was so dope
10,No. I'm a neighborhood drum.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Although the big picture of transcending black and white races is obvious. Episodes and actors' performances are just great. It's a touching story that's hard to see these days. Although I watched it late. I strongly recommend it!
10,Is there a reason to like it?
10,Nananana. x2 Happy happy happy happy~
10,It's nice. It's been a while since I' up
10,I just went to watch it comfortably and it felt like I watched my life's
10,It's the best movie ever. Recommend.
10,I can eat it. It's touching and fun
10,a moving and jolly Christmas movie
10,The movie of my life!I'll have to watch it again
10,There's no need for words It's the best movie of my life
10,About the courage that Shirley and Tony both had to have
10,I was impressed.
10,I feel like I've got less than 10 points for a masterpiece.  The scene where he plays Chopin Tude in a black pub is so overwhelming
10,It's fun and touching the whole time I watch it. It's a must-see movie.
10,Bigotenson acting! It's so touching.
10,My heart gets as warm as the blanket in the cold dawn (*˘``*) ♥
9,I was touched when a man who was lonely by discrimination and prejudice received his last warm hospitality
10,It shows the dignity of an Academy Award winning film. It's such a good movie. Strongly recommend.
10,Applause for the courage to overcome prejudice
10,It's my first time writing a score I wanted to spend Christmas with my family for the first time. It left a lingering impression on me. It was a great movie
10,It's been a year since we saw each other. It's a masterpiece. Really...  I don't need words
10,It's so attractive that I can't say what I liked about it's a piece of art
10,There are so many people in the world who are lonely because they can't take courage.
9,The message from there is strong though it is subtle. It's a good movie
6,Combination of cold and hot
10,Shirley's facial expression is real
9,It's been a while since I was immersed in the main character and watched a fun movie
9,The Best Christmas Movie
9,It was a fun and warm movie
10,Remark: Mortensen's acting is really great One of the unforgettable movies!
1,not much
10,I can't believe Valeronga was that sexy guy in Eastern Pramis who pulled a cigarette with his tongue. He's really good at acting. It was so much fun!
10,It was very meaningful.the performance of the actorsVideo Mystery. I watched it in depth with a small smile and a calm and deep emotion.Sounds like a good movie for over 30s
10,This is called a movie.
10,a movie that breaks prejudices
10,It seems to prove itself that dividing 'class' by race is still an underdeveloped being and immatureWho divided the class into high and low?Who agreed on the sharing and it defined it? I was deeply moved and thrilled by the courageous approach to the last scene and the undifferentiated gaze toward him.
9,It's always nice to see the process of two people becoming friends that I didn't know well
10,I thought it was the same name until the end of the Valerons Doleros movie
10,It was such a beautiful movie. Maybe I'm not like that myself. a noble way of confronting its prejudices and absurditiesCourage to change perceptions. And a hug. This whole thing was beautiful
10,I almost didn't watch this movie because of my prejudice  We live in a forest of prejudice
9,a heartwarming movie
10,I think I can have a good dream. It's a warm movie
8,The smoke is amazing. It's so touching and I want to see you again Wow.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,A movie that makes you smile the whole time you watch it
10,There is no need to rattle on about this movie. One word is enough. Perfect
10,the best movie of one's life
10,It's just a masterpiece. It's really fun and touching
10,This is the best movie I've seen in the last two or three years. I can feel all the emotions
10,The performance was strangely touching at the end of the movie's enjoyment
10,It's the best movie of my life. I strongly recommend it.
10,A movie that I was grateful to be able to spend my two hours with this movie.
7,It's worth seeing. It's a realistic movie.
10,It became one of the best films of my life
10,Oh! You're really the best. I love this kind of movie
10,It's a masterpiece. I'm glad I've seen it now It's really fun
10,The only movie available in 2018
10,Tony Balleronga was the Lord of the Rings Aragonese today. 연기 His acting spectrum is really wide. It didn't match at all.It's amazing
10,There's no need for words I just want to recommend this movie to everyone. It's such a warm movie
10,To be able to make a story about a person's positive influence and discrimination on a person so touching without a stimulating device. It's a really good movie that makes me want to be a good person. one of the best films of one's life
10,I'm going to think about whether I'm trapped in a lot of prejudice
10,Best movie ever. May prejudice disappear in the world
10,I knew there was a green book in this movie The story was good
10,A heart-warming movie! ^^
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen!
10,I really enjoyed it
10,I love movies like thisDiscrimination is bad
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen.It is a precious movie where you can feel and overcome racism in the past.I'll have to see it again.
9,videos and music touching the complementary relationship between a genius black musician trying to overcome racism and a white driver who is a party to it
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's touching.
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.That's cool.
10,This doesn't need words. Just shut up and watch. It's a masterpiece.
10,Racist movies are always sad It's a good movie
10,I didn't expect much and watched it at the theater. It was so much fun ^^
10,That's so heart-warming. This kind of movie is a real movie!
1,Rating adjustment seems necessary
10,Added to the list of movies to watch again.
10,I recommend this song. It's heavy
10,I'm touched. When Donald brought champagne to Tony's crowded house... It was so warm.I think it would be a really happy life if I could have a friend like that.
9,I didn't expect much.  It was great.
10,I really enjoyed it I can't believe it hasn't been a hundred years since this happened
10,I love this kind of friendship movie
10,Too bad I didn't see you earlier.Add to my list of movies of my life that I'll see again and again :)
10,I really enjoyed it
8,Merry Christmas.
8,A fun movie where the mixture of minor elements of racism fits nicely and the comic parts act as an appetizing sauce
10,Just look. I won't tell you
10,It's the movie of my life after Hidden Figures. Racist people look so stupid
10,I can see why Ocn showed it on Christmas.The green book that made me feel Christmas twice after Christmas
10,I feel happy after watching it. It was fun
10,It's such a touching movie
10,It's not a waste of time. That's what movies are like
10,It's my first time getting a rating.The best movie of my life.
10,The movie of my life... my heart was broken and I was so moved by the freedom of prejudice that I couldn't say and I envied their friendship
10,I was watching without thinking and I was touched
10,It was a really warm and fun movie
10,It's sad to say it once. It's a great movie to say it twice
10,Violence is not the only way to fight prejudice
10,It's a good movie to watch even now. I can't forget the sad eyes of black people working like cows in the fields of the South and black people being treated like aristocrats.
10,It's so heart-warming. I recommend it
10,The movie that reminded me of "The Lord of the Rings" in the middle
10,The Best Christmas Movie
10,a film with a boundless reputation  I'm glad to see this movie before the end of the year. I feel like I got a Christmas present. I hope more people see it.
10,I hope you watch it once
10,I want to see it again. Good!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,I watched the movie of my life again today.
10,I don't like calm movies...  This movie was fun
10,I missed it when it was released. I watched it on channel CGV this Christmas. It was so touching. The acting story was so solid. I really liked the movie
9,I have a wish that I always want to do on Christmas that comes back every year. It's a movie that strengthens your heart^^
10,It's a masterpiece that resonates with my heart.
10,The first movie that comes to mind when you think of a movie about racism.I'm sure I'll be looking for this movie more than three times in the future.
10,Oh... Let's end Christmas in a good way
10,It's a touching drama that I want to keep
10,The best movie I've seen this year that's coming to the end of 2019!
10,It's a calm song that'sincere. It's a movie that makes the weak sincerely hope for a better world
10,It's the best movie ever.crying
10,♡ Merry Christmas!Thank you for helping me write a letter!
10,It was a movie that made us realize how scary prejudice and prejudice are
10,You'll know why they say it's the best
10,It's so touching. First of all... I was really nervous that the atmosphere would get cold at the end. It's a movie where the greetings of Merry Christmas feel so warm
10,It's a great movie. I didn't recognize Bigotensen.
10,It was shocking that Tony was Aragon
10,There are a lot of people who are lonely because they're afraid to contact Lee Naeng movie first
10,It's a warm movie to watch on Christmas
8,I was sad that it wasn't screened at a calm movie theater
10,A heart-warming movie!
9,A really good Christmas movie. The sadness of having to paint black is not alone.
10,It's such a good movie
10,It warms my heart when I see it warms my heart.
9,Quietly and heavily touched. 100%
10,I recommend the best movie of 2019. The friendship between Italian and black people made me emotional.
10,Actor Ha Jungwoo recommended this movie. I watched it on TV. Why did I watch it now? I strongly recommend it
10,It's fun to watch Shirley's fashion. The movie used the color very well.
10,The best Christmas movie ever!
10,Merry Christmas!Thank you for the good movie
10,Touching and warm movie ^^
10,I liked it because it was calm. Tony's personality was unexpectedly loyal
10,It is a movie where you can feel warm emotion on a cold winter day.
10,The best movie! The story and the acting skills are impressive!
10,It was so much fun even when I watched it on OCN
10,a green book drawn on one's chestA movie I'm sorry to watch now.
10,Make sure to watch the best movie of your life. Watch it twice
10,You give a heavy impression at the end...
10,It's surprisingly fun. It was brilliant!
10,There are many people who are lonely because they are afraid to contact first
10,It's a movie that makes my heart feel so warm.
10,their friendship that shone even in a time of vague racism
10,I hope you watch a movie that warms your heart-warming
10,Parasite and the Green Book for My Work of the Year
10,It was a movie about racism that is more relevant in the present era.
10,The two characters were so attractive that it was so fun and warm and touching that it was sad that the movie ended.
10,It's such a great movie.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I can't express it with my poor vocabulary. It was the best movie that made me think a lot.
10,I'm sure those who continue to experience unfortunate situations wanted to end with a happy ending It's a heart-warming movie. ARAGO from the past is the best!!!!
10,It is a touching and warm movie with tension and fun every moment. I recommend you to watch it.
10,Aragon didn't know he was this person. Wow! Amazing acting transformation. I was happy to see that it was such a heartwarming movie   How hard and painful black lives must have been... Don't have any prejudice
10,It was like a Christmas present in 2019. Merry Christmas!
10,It's really fun
10,It's a beautiful movie.
8,A conversation with a police officer on our way to New York has so far shattered our prejudices in an instant.
10,I watched it belatedly. It's a great movie. It's the best
10,It's a movie that really touches my heart. It was also a movie that made me look back on my life with prejudice.
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,It's so touching. It's the best~~
10,It's not OCN. It's a good movie that you could've seen at the theater.Recommend.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Ah... I got it from OCN today
10,Wow... This masterpiece is on OCN right now?
10,Tony who is like Madecasol
10,Bigomotenson is the god of acting.
10,a must-see movie
7,I can feel the warmth of the movie that expresses racism more than this.
10,a gentle friendship with each otherMerry Christmas!
10,It is a moving movie that made me feel that racism needs to be eliminated a lot
10,I think I enjoyed watching a fun and serious movie
10,Thank you for helping me with the letter
10,The only thing I regretted while watching this movie was that I watched this movie on the plane instead of in the theater!!!! I was so moved when I saw it on the plane that I got emotional.
10,Best movie I've seen this year
10,The movie that I really enjoyed! This year's best
8,It was okay. Thank you.
10,It was great.It was nice to see the process of two people who seemed to be different but sympathizing and sharing affection.
10,The biggest meaning of this movie is in the last scene. The warmth is so good that it will remain in my memory for a long time
10,A very warm movie. Merry Christmas
10,A good movie to watch on Christmas
10,Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
10,I hope it's a world without discrimination.
10,It's a movie that makes me look back on myselfMake sure you watch it
10,I could see how ignorant I was of prejudice.
9,Traveling with the green book
10,A movie that's not sad but makes you cry
8,It's fun. Movies with school holidays
10,Maybe it's not people of color but we all looked at them with colored glasses.
10,Best film with a variety of stories with simple cinematic elements
5,It's a movie that's perfect for the uncivilized people who are sentimental
10,Focus the whole time
10,It's a really touching movie I can't get over it.
10,This is a real movie...!
10,It's a touching story
10,A film with a beautiful blend of Dr. Shirley's grin and Tony's grin.
9,It's so nice to see you trying to understand each other even though you're different
10,Green book music was the best! ^^
10,A movie that shows the reality of racism in America at the time. The best movie that shows how moving you are. The movie you'll regret if you don't
10,a film that lingers heavily
8,I enjoyed watching it. It's a movie with a lot of good scenes
10,A movie we all need right now
10,The emotions of that time were discrimination. Friendship was the best
10,How to free yourself from prejudice is deep interest and understanding
10,I feel better after watching this movie.
9,Tony Zola is cool. The Lord of the Rings?
10,A movie that I think of every Christmas
10,It's so much fun. I would have been in trouble if I didn't watch
10,I watched it without thinking. It's a very meaningful movie
10,This movie is the best
10,Merry Christmas
8,Racism is something that is and should not be.
10,Do you need words? This is why humans recognize each other
8,How should I say this? It really feels like an American movie.
8,The calm wave continues deeply
10,It's a movie that touches my heart I really enjoyed it.
9,I'm getting into it.
10,Merry Christmas to all of you
10,It's calm and the OST is good
10,It's really really well made. Impressed by the delicate production and impressed by the wonderful narrative... an impeccable and remarkable
9,A drive-away movie on a cool weekend with a good friend
10,How scary is prejudice!
10,A good movie...
8,I thought I was an unbiased person and I was wary. But I found out that I was wrong while watching the movie. Shirley's line was impressive. It was a heartwarming movie that I would see every Christmas.
10,It was a very good movie.
10,Against the backdrop of racism. It's a wonderful piece that melts the process of one person understanding another. The Academy's choice this time is acceptable. Recommended as one of the works you shouldn't miss!
10,Wow... It lingers for a long time.  Touching...
10,It's all the more touching that it's a true story. I recommend it!
10,It was a movie where I really liked the scene where we ate Kentucky Fried Chicken and laughed together
10,Tony is a very precious person in the mukbang world
10,This is a movie
10,I was nervous and watched it. I love the endingIt's a really warm movie
10,I can't even say it.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I dare say it's the best movie of the year
10,Let's be a person who can distinguish between others and discrimination
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I don't know how many times I'll watch it~~
10,It was so good. It was more like a movie than any other movie I've seen recently.
10,I enjoyed it. I'm sad that the price went down right after I saw this
10,I love this movie. I lament myself for not being able to express it properly.
10,I really enjoyed it!I'll have to live with those fine lines in my heart
10,I cried. It was fun and sad
8,Good ^^ A calm and cozy river-like movie
10,A movie as beautiful and cute as a fairy tale
10,I'm deeply moved by the chilly autumn night
10,It was a very sad but warm movie.
9,I enjoyed watching a calm drama.
10,There is a reason why the rating is high ^^
10,The movie is really good. I can see myself with a lot of prejudices after watching.
9,It's a movie worth watching!
10,A masterpiece! That ^^ itself
10,Take a look! It's amazing
10,A fun and warm movie. It lingers in the air Top.
8,A movie that's not provocative but fun and has a feel... A movie like this in Hollywood...
10,This is a perfect movie.^^
8,a screenplay that knows exactly when to pull and when to push A performance that draws admiration and empathy together.
10,It's a movie that lingers. It was a movie where I could reflect on myself while watching the changes in the main characters and the discrimination around me
10,It's like a movie of my lifeIt lingers very much. ♡♡
10,I'll give you 15 points
10,I don't need to say anything.
7,A proper human drama about racism. It's not enough to tell the truth
10,It's a shame that Vigo Mortensen should have won the best actor award.
10,It was the best movie ever
10,It's beautiful! It's beautiful!
10,I'm thankful that there's a movie like this It was a movie that made me look back
10,Playing at home twice in a row
10,I look back at the courage.
10,A movie that makes me think a lot. Tony and Shirley both break their own frame and become true soulmates. Each and every one of them is beautiful.
10,I can't help but give a rating. The last show in Orange Bird seems to be the best scene. And I dare to suffer a little bit of black people's pain that I don't know. I think I could understand... A new masterpiece. I'm going to watch it again tomorrow
10,Dignity and humor make the flow of life flexible
10,I like this kind of movie! Mahershala Ali is so coolL
10,It was a movie that made me feel good.
10,a heartwarming and touching story
10,It is a must-see movie.
8,It's a warm and nice movie
10,It hurt so much when the doctor looked in the mirror while applying concealer.
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot. It's a must-see movie
10,It's a beautiful movie.The inner acting of the two actors is fascinatingly good.This profound subject is beautifully rendered witty but not light.I am happy to see a movie that makes me grow more.Dr. Sulli's sad eyes keep glimmering
10,A movie that allows me to rethink my unconscious attitude and perception. There is also the most important 'fun' in the movie! Bigo Mortensen in Lord of the Rings never came to mind!
10,It moves my heart too much.
10,I thought a lot throughout my life and I think I should think about this movie and watch it often
10,My heart has warmed. This is what it's like to understand each other? The last greeting Dolores gave to Dr. Shirley brought tears to my eyes.
10,I didn't expect much. It's a heart-warming movie
10,There's no need for words.This is a movie...crying
10,This kind of movie... This kind of person... The elements we need...
10,A movie that makes you feel good after watching it
8,The last scene with my family was so warm
1,It's a Korean alphabet
4,It's fun. But I don't like it because it's so obvious
10,Merry Christmas! A movie of consideration for the whole human race!
10,It feels like the black-and-white conflict is being resolved
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It was a really good movie after a long time. The last performance scene made me emotional. It was touching.
10,I'm writing and erasing it many times. It's a good movie.Make sure you watch it
10,I think it will last long enough to be considered my life movie
10,I think it's really amazing that the situation of the times has been brought out in the open Your chemistry stood out and I'm glad it ended with a happy ending It was a heartwarming movie
9,I think I know why you always need a bottle of whiskey alone
10,It's a masterpiece. I really want to recommend it This kind of movie should have 10 million viewers
10,great!!!It's really fun
10,a heartwarming movie that eliminates prejudice
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life
10,It was a movie that filled my heart after a long time. Thank you.
10,It was so touching and I enjoyed watching it so that I didn't get bored even at home I'm so sorry that I couldn't see you at the movie theatercrying
10,The movie that you want to keep watching when it's re-released
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie. I enjoyed watching it
7,A movie that can't happen easily even after it's over
10,It's a movie that lingers too long. It is a movie that should be more widely known even though we were both upset and upset while watching the movie.
10,I watched it about four times. It's a movie that lingers.
10,Good... a masterpiece with a gentle touch.
10,I was so into Mahershala Ali that I saw a lot of filmography that I've seen so farWhy do you realize his charm now? I love movies and actors
10,It lingers a lot. I really enjoyed it
10,A movie that fights discrimination and prejudice ^^
10,You're so good at acting.This is acting
7,Did you see the power of capital?
10,Am I the only one who cried? I'm sorry for my pain.
10,I was so moved when I happened to see it on cable that I came all the way here and wrote it down. The best movie... laugh and cry I can't help but give you the highest score.
10,It was a calm but not boring movie with good directing and acting
10,You have to act like Don Sherry and think like Tony
10,It's a movie that makes you look for the meaning of the green book. It's touching.
10,This is a movie.perfect
10,There is no need to say. It's a perfect masterpiece.
10,It's a good movie to watch it
10,It's a movie that moves my heart
10,Ali's eyes are really indescribable I don't know where I've been and now I'm here
10,I've never worn anything like this before. It was a great movie. It's just the best! It made me smile the whole time I watched it and I was so sad that the movie ended. A heartwarming movie!
10,A movie is called a movie
10,There's no need for words It's a masterpiece
10,It's been a long time since I felt a warm movie!
10,It's a movie that made me feel a lot.
9,It's fun from beginning to end. Sexy Aragon? It was shocking. You're really good at acting
9,Time flew and it was funnier than I thought. It's not boring at all. It's fun and there are many things to feel. I understand why road movies are famous
10,Best movie I've seen in five years
10,What more modifiers do we need?
10,You'll never regret it. A must-see masterpiece...
10,It's calm and cool without feeling bored
10,a movie that is good for black discrimination
9,I looked back on myself when I saw the main character who changed his mind about people of color.
10,Touching real story. I strongly recommend it
9,A movie that made me think a lot.
10,a more sophisticated production than any other article
10,It's the best movie I've seen in a while
10,I like this kind of movie A movie that shows that there are people who know how to see something really meaningful in the world and people who understand me and others deeply
10,It's such a beautiful movie
8,The South at that time was a slave for 12 years
10,This is a movie. It feels like I listened to a classic song in a good mood.
9,I've never seen such a nice movie
10,The beautiful posture and friendship of the two men against discrimination. We are all the same human beings
10,A movie that will be remembered for many years
10,The movie that made me think a lot...I really recommend it
9,a calm and uplifting movie
10,Welcome to "Welcome to Eunyeong's Flower" after a long time
9,The script is really solid
10,The best movie! The music was great!
9,How wonderful is it to acknowledge and respect each other's differences?
10,I was deeply moved by the speedy hosting and the ending of Humanity.
10,a wonderful and sophisticated friendship between two men
10,It's a very impressive movie. Recommendations!
10,Is there a need to grade a movie like this?
10,The movie was touching and made me realize the value of life
10,Oh! I really enjoyed watching it!
10,Good good. I can smile around my mouth.
10,It's the best movie of the year
10,It's a touching and joyful movie
10,The Orange Bird performance was great
10,The Green Book is not just about prejudice against people of color.
10,What a fun movie!Tony was Aragon
10,The best movie I've seen four times!
10,"Fan ID"! I'm touched!
10,It is a must-see movie!!!
1,It's no fun. It's the worst
9,The green book that was dubbed by Vietnam Airlines...I'm touched. ^^
10,It was the best movie I've seen in recent years.
9,A well-made movie with little sense of genre because the flow of the movie is so docile as if it were a snake wall.
9,The directing ability to create a very moving story with a material that seems to be fun is so amazing
10,I can't believe it was Aragon
10,Movies are the best. What more do you need?
10,I loved playing the piano in a black restaurant
9,The moment you break down your own wall is to respect and accept the other person as they are. A very simple but difficult message.
10,That's a great trick~I'm so touched~
10,My heart aches. a great deal
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
9,The easiest and best way to raise awareness of the problem of racism in the United States is the power of this film
10,The scene where Bigomotenson writes a letter to his wife was impressive
8,It's a heartwarming movie. I watched a fun
9,It was touching and fun
10,The most interesting movie I've seen recently... How sad I must have cried at that time.
8,It made me think a lot about it was a movie  I like it because it has a happy ending
10,I was so nervous when I watched it. I liked the ending
10,It was the best Thank you
10,The best movie I've seen in a long time
10,Just look at it once.
10,Touching. Warm and meaningful
10,It's a masterpiece. It's fun and touching
10,It's been a while since I watched a great movie^^
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot. It's a calm movie that lasts for a long time
10,It was the best movie ever. Shirley's words really touched my heart.
10,I can't believe a good movie is fun!
10,A movie that makes us reflect on all our prejudices
8,There's nothing more pathetic than a false prejudice!
10,The best movie I've seen in 2019
10,a heartwarming movie with a calm smile
10,It's the best. You'll be watching it twice or three times. Your acting skills are 100%
7,A film about calm and racism
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a warm movie
7,a fine film filled with plain characters
10,Warm bromance road movie.
1,Look at the rating. Isn't that too much?
8,This is a movie. I hope you watch it.
10,A movie that you want to give more than 10 points
10,Let's get rid of prejudice and accept each other's differences
10,It's a movie that's so touching and has a lot to learn. I enjoyed watching it. This kind of movie should be on the screen.
10,A heart-warming movie!Skin color doesn't matter.
10,It feels like I got stabbed in the back. It's a very well-made trick. I can see why we won so many awards.  But our macho Aragon...He's already that old.
10,I came to see it as if it had been tampered with.
10,It was really nice and warm when Tony introduced Dr. Shirley to his family.
10,It's the best. I strongly recommend it
10,I'm so touched. Green book...
10,I watched a heartwarming movie after a long time.
10,I strongly recommend it. It's really worth watching. a rating of
7,The story feels more realistic because it is a true story. The ending is also warm and I like it because it makes me feel relaxed.
10,I think it would be a very sad life if there was no "something" in my heart after watching this movie
8,After hearing the interpretation of the last police appearance...
10,It's a movie that I watched nervously. Every moment there is an incident because he is black.
10,a heart-rending friendship
10,It was a movie that made me smile after a long time. Their friendship was so beautiful and touching.
10,Merry Christmas. A movie like Merry Christmas. It was so much fun.
10,I think you can overcome any difficulties if you endure hardships like the main character in your life. Warehouse... And the bathroom... You've taken strong steps for black people while maintaining the highest level of human self-esteem. I'm rooting for you who don't exist in this world
10,It is a movie that makes me think about myself fighting prejudice in the world rather than just a movie about racism. It feels like I'm traveling in the southeastern part of the U.
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,They've changed the world with their course for two hours! They're courageous geniuses who made us laugh at the dark past!
10,I watched Song Ha Kwon's YouTube recommendation
8,There's a scene where we come to New York
10,The way you solve the material is different. This is a level that cannot come out of this place where culture is produced with the mindset that it should be taught and enlightened.
10,I think it was the most interesting movie I've seen in the past few years
10,A movie that makes me think about prejudice and prejudice.It was the best!
10,I can't eat 26 hamburgers
10,There was a real gun That's awesome
10,It was a great movie. I was touched by this year-end gift
10,The best movie I've seen this year. I really like the feelings that don't go too far.It was also pleasing to see the two main characters changing under the influence of each other.
10,a decent filma witty filmA better movie because it's a true story.
10,You're the best. You have a great voice
10,It was a great movie!
10,Why can't we make this kind of movie?
10,The last scene is so pretty
10,I watched this movie on vacation.It was worth it.But I want to go home.
10,A good movie. Fun and touching
10,I wonder if there was a time like that in America Discrimination is scary
10,It's been a long time since I saw such a warm movie
10,It's a great movie~~Looking at the world while watching the two people face each other~
10,I think it's the first time I've ever laughed and laughed with the main character while watching a movie. It was so heart-warming.
10,You've warmed up the material that could be heavy It's fun
10,The last scene is really pretty
10,Isn't this what human love is?It's a beautiful and touching movie that lingers in my mind
10,It's a calm and calm movie that lingers in my mind. My favorite movie
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression.
9,A movie that slowly changes my emotions for two hours like the two people changing with the weather makes me think a lot.
1,A movie that shows that it doesn't really matter as long as the falsehood is wrapped in a plausible. Don't try to gain from a true story in the first place. It's like a true story and you didn't even know your family existed. Why don't you turn Hitler into a philanthropist?
9,Top
10,The acting and story of the two actors... It was all good.
10,I'm going to watch the best movie of my life again
10,The warmth and emotion of courage
10,There should be no discrimination for any reason It was touching
9,a heart-rending movie
10,It's a movie that touches my heart. It's not a waste of time
10,The movie is also thought of the discrimination that Koreans suffered during the Japanese colonial era. the fear of discrimination
8,A heartwarming movie that has a good influence on the way of thinking.
10,It was the best heartwarming movie. I hope many people will watch this movie.
10,My life movie! A really good movie
10,I'm sorry to watch it on my monthly IPTV.It gave me a sense of my level that I hadn't thought of seeing in the theater
10,I'm sorry to watch it on my monthly IPTV.It gave me a sense of my level that I hadn't thought of seeing in the theater
8,I heard that it's good to be happy while enjoying it. the unpleasant aftertaste of black-and-white discrimination as a white-centric story
10,It's a good movie. Recommend.
10,Merry Christmas to all your warm hearts
10,I watched a good movie with my wife after a long time.
10,"The world is full of lonely people who are afraid to move first."
10,Laughing at the calm breathing of the two characters without much conflict.
10,A movie you can watch at least three times...
10,I think it's the best movie to overcome discrimination between music and friendship that doesn'
9,A true story like a movie. I envy their friendship
10,It's just the best... I understand why we won the Best Picture Award! It's not just a movie about racism! That's why I like it. It's really lingering I had warm tears in the last scene
10,Movies that remind you of the roots!
10,I want to see my mom again.
9,It was an amazing trip for two months.
7,It's a friendship story that warms the hearts of two people who didn't have to be close to each other when there were many conflicts. Attention to Mahershala Ali's demeanor
10,The most memorable movie I've seen this year
10,The journey begins and you can find yourself getting closer to each other in the slightest
8,Why are we crazy about the Avengers and don't know the Green Book?
10,It's a movie that's very touching. A smile spreads around your mouth and tearsIt lingers a lot...
10,What do you need to say?
10,What a warm and touching movie! It was a great time
9,Hollywood also makes the Avengers. There's even a "Green Book." I'm jealous.
10,It was a movie that made my heart warm
10,A drama about grown-up men.It resonates a lot while watching pure but different men understand.
10,I should add one more to my life movie. I hope you didn't get bored the whole time.
10,My heart is warm.
10,It's fun. The content was really fun
10,It's a movie that warms my heart after watching it
10,Very very very!! I enjoyed watching it.It's a movie that I want to recommend you to watch.It warms my heart.
10,You're the best.
10,It's so clean and deep!
10,I didn't know there was this much discrimination when discrimination was prevalent.I had a lot of course.
10,A movie that touches your heart after watching it.
10,A movie that doesn't lose its dignity until the end!
10,The last scene made me tear up.Haha
9,A calm and impactful story
10,I am happy to know a precious life movie.
10,There is still prejudiceI feel the same way
10,I think I was touched.
10,It really lingers. Make sure you watch it!
10,It was a heart-warming and fun movie to finish
10,It's the best movie that touched my heart^^
9,How did a black artist with a white driver feel when he saw other black people working like livestock in the hot sun? And how did he feel when he felt that he was different and that he was just a normal black man for mainstream whites?
10,I lost track of time and watched it. There must have been a wish that Christmas didn't come.
10,It's so touching. It's my favorite movie.
8,It is an interesting and worth watching
10,It is a movie that deserves 10 points just because there is no leading woman in the movie these days.
10,Make sure you watch it Look twice
10,Lonely people find it difficult to take their first steps.
10,I bought a ticket for my parents during the holidays and they enjoyed it.
10,My favorite movie has improved
10,The calm but best movie that shows how foolish the prejudice against racism is
10,So I recommended it to two of my best friends. The answer is good
10,I watched it at the theater and looked for it again because it lingers in my mind
10,The only thing I can only be said
10,It's really fun! I watched a real movie after a long time.
10,A movie that makes me want to eat KFC chicken with my friend
10,a masterpiece that can be enjoyed comfortably
10,I don't know how scary prejudice is.
10,It's my favorite movie. I was happy after all the fun and relentless twisting. All that remains is prejudice and endless conception of decency.
7,a quiet book-like reading
10,a mythical film made by a true story
10,I am grateful to see such a movie every year. Don Shirley's line in the rain is the highlight of the movie.
10,It's a must-see movie
10,A warm hearted trick while looking at a subject that can become heavy. The actors' acting didn't interfere with their immersion
10,He solved the heavy subject with great wit but never light. It's been a long time since I've seen you.
10,It's amazing. The best movie ever
10,Boom boom on the sidewalk from the plane
10,It's so touching. I learned the importance of family
10,I learned about the importance of maintaining dignity even if it was too unfair. This lesson goes through the ages.
10,the first film to write a review A movie that I want to recommend to everyone. Thumbs up!
10,It was as fun as I thought it would be :) It was a heartwarming movie!
10,Racism should be eliminated!!
10,Why we are in denial. They are such exist.
10,It was the bestThe actors' acting and content were flawless
10,A movie that taught me what nobility is
10,The most important thing between people is to look at others without prejudice.It's a heart-warming movie
10,It's a movie that makes me feel that I had a lot of prejudices and I promise not to do so in the future.I hope many people watch it. I just want to take everything with me.
10,I dare say! Best movie of the year!
10,a comfortable movie
10,It was a movie that lingered more because I watched it without any expectations. A movie that makes you think that you should watch the movie that won the Academy Award as much as possible
9,Real fun. Making the friendship between black and white classic but witty. The acting of the two actors is also excellent and the chemistry is good
1,I don't think it's to that extent
10,He's good at making a heart-warming movie. There is a reason why netizens have high reviews. I have no choice but to give you 10 points.
10,It's a great movie. Human beings are all dignified.
10,A movie that makes you happy... makes you feel good.Shirley felt at ease when she played excitedly on the Orange Bird
10,It's fun to cry a few times
10,Thank you for making this movie.Thank you.
10,A movie full of love and compassion for humans.  The emotion continues from beginning to end. It's been a long time since I saw a good movie!
8,The Return of the King with the Green Book
9,The name Peter Farrelli will be imprinted by the Green Book. Is the perception of black slaves in the United States comparable to that of aristocrats and slaves in the Joseon Dynasty? Vigo Mortenson's performance seemed to come from Real Italy
10,It's a great movie that's touching and has a lesson
10,a film that feels calm and sentimental
10,Academy Award for Best Picture
10,A calm yet warm movie. Mahershula Ali's acting was superb. I'm even more touched that this is a true story
10,Magical Negro?
10,A good movie with a lot of thoughts
10,It's a movie that makes you smile
10,Another movie that tells us how terrible and dangerous prejudices and prejudices in this society are.I really recommend it!
10,10 points! Definitely 10 points!
10,I hope that people who are confident that they have achieved intellectual maturity will grow further after watching this movie...
10,The best!!! There was. Hahaha
10,The lines are so funny. a rare trick of late in life
10,Shirley's scene in the rain was so intense
10,The impression of this movie is really luxurious.
10,I hope the world's prejudices change
10,It's a movie that scolds me behind my back with a gentle tone.
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words. Make sure to watch it.
10,It was a great movie with wit+fun+moving after a long time. Bigotenson's acting is so great!!
9,Movie of the Year to Be Missed
10,I don't want to leave a review with my fingers.
10,I can't believe I won first place in the tiger cave called NAVER.
10,Movie of the year... It's a shame that there aren't many theaters
10,On the road they became true friends.
10,Life movie... A movie that makes me think about racism and a movie that makes me think that all discrimination should be eliminated is realistic and funny
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good movie.It was so good
10,It's just sad that it's not popular in Korea
10,A friendship that overcomes prejudice and discrimination!
10,It was an interesting movie! I lost track of time and watched a movie
10,It's a moving movie. I highly recommend it.
9,Ending Cratdit was a twist. I can't believe this was all real.
10,I watched it without knowing it was a true story. It's really fun. Why did I tour only for 8 weeks? It's one of the top 3 movies that I was really sad that the movie ended. LOL Make sure to watch it
10,That's the best. That's all I can say
10,I really enjoyed watching it. Must-see!
10,The chemistry between the two was good. And I burst into laughter at the jopin
10,It was a good time to watch a movie that gave me an opportunity to think about equality and freedom by showing realistic contents that broke prejudice and prejudice.
10,The best movie I've seen this year. It's a movie that leaves a strong impression
10,It's the best. I lost track of time
10,What should we look at?
10,Merry Christmas... I didn't know this word would be so touching.
10,It's the best movie ever. Make sure to watch it!
10,My wife has a very good personality.The idea that surroundings are also important.I was touched by the black people in the middle of the field
10,It was meaningful and neat My money paid on Olleh TV is not a waste
10,It is a masterpiece that captures meaningful and gloomy topics without being heavy with unnecessary scenes and excellent performances by actors.
9,It's such a fun movie!
8,a delightful film I applaud Shirley for her courage.
10,Let's give a round of applause to the other two actors in the movie.
9,It's a drama that doesn't get boring even for a minute when the knot is really well made
10,My heart warmed.
10,It's a movie that makes me smile and touches my heart
1,Best marketing movie since La La Land.
10,It's a movie that warms up the fear of prejudice
1,It's a drop in the bucket compared to Clementine.
10,It was so fun and touching. It's satisfying.
10,I want to give him 10 or more stars It would have been a disaster if I hadn't seen itIt's healing itself. I think it's a movie that you need to watch more
10,I'm most surprised that wandering Tony was an Aragon
10,It's really fun. It's dulda attractive
9,The last line of my wife's speech is touching because it implies what happened throughout the running time.
9,It's a very warm movie. I recommend it
10,You won the Academy Award for Best Picture for nothing.It was a movie that was not contrived but very touching.It was a time to realize again how important and scary prejudice that permeated us is.
10,It's so much fun You have to watch it
9,It is a pleasant but sad movie about the friendship between two men. There's a lot of fun and touching.
10,It was a movie that left a lot of lingering feelings
10,It's a movie where I lose track of time and feel a lot of things
10,The long-awaited get-out is here.
10,I enjoyed watching it while being immersed in the running time without any big events or events!
10,I envy Shirley and Tony's friendship. The acting of the two actors was really good.
10,I'm writing a review for the first time to give you a rating. Make sure to watch it. It's such a good movie
10,I couldn't stop laughing. I lost track of time.You can solve a difficult and heavy topic in a witty way and watch it no matter what
10,There's a reason why it's No. 1 in the current rating.
10,It's a good movie that will linger for a long time.I think it will be a better world if I watch a lot of movies like this.
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time
10,It was a beautiful movie
10,I recommend this movie.
9,It's been a while since I watched a proper movie.
9,The scenes of actors' performances and lines that leave afterimages will be remembered for a long time
10,A work that makes you reflect on your prejudice. A masterpiece that captures both message and popularity
10,Touching. It's been a while since I've had fun
10,A movie touched by endless detail
10,It's Hollywood in that it's a real-life movie about the duality of the white landlord class and the lack of human rights of black people to the point that even black people call themselves "Niger."
10,Korean alphabet
10,It's a movie that really lingers. I paid for the fifth time on TV and watched it again.I hope it comes out as a collection.
10,Racism was sad It's a movie of my life
10,It's beautiful. I want to recommend this movie to everyone
10,A movie that didn't have anything to throw away...
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.
8,See you again on Christmas
10,A movie that leaves a deep impression
8,It's an impeccably good movie.This is what meeting people is like.
10,Jjangjjang... It's a very touching and well-made movie!
10,Good... I like old-fashioned stuff
10,My life has become a movie!I hope you don't feel lonely
10,The perfect movie... gets so warm all the time I watch it
10,The best movie ever to show that there is no discrimination
10,It's the best. It was a time when I felt that I had prejudices without realizing it
9,"Genius is not enough to change the world. You have to have courage." Don Shirley's courage and Tony's realization of the prejudice. It is fun to see the director's Mise-en-scene everywhere.
7,It's a movie worth watching at least once
10,I like calm humanity and touching movies
10,It's a movie to see if there's any discrimination around us now.
9,an interesting and pleasant movie
8,A movie that made me reflect on my prejudice while dreaming of a good world without prejudice...
10,You deserve an academy. It's been a while since I saw a movie that left a strong impression
10,A movie that throws things to think about
10,Why is it out of 10? I want to give you 100 points!
10,A movie that shows how a movie moves a person's heart. A movie that warms up in terms of a true story. The movie has become a life movie that shows the importance of courage to accept discrimination rather than courage to overcome discrimination.
10,You can see how people meet and change. The best masterpiece!
10,It's a movie that makes me embarrassed to leave a message that I lack
9,It was a lot more fun than I thought
10,A movie with many famous lines that give wisdom to life. It warms my heart after watching it :)
10,I really enjoyed watching it.Heartwarming movie after movie
10,I'm touched by every scene
10,It's a really awesome movie. It's healing^^
10,It's a trick of the game. My heart is filled with lingering emotions. I think the warm message to us as well as racism is great. It is a movie that will be remembered for a long time
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movieIt's a movie that makes you think. It's a movie that brings each other to life by hanging out with the vulnerability of humans?It was a movie that touched my heart
10,It's the movie of my life movie. If only I had come out during the Christmas season.
7,Friendship blossomed amid racism.It's more touching to hear that we've been friends.
10,The movie was so much fun and the theater was clean
10,I'd like to pay tribute to the Korean audience at the theater.
10,It's touching. A movie that you can enjoy.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. "Scent of a Woman" and "Racism
10,I saw it at Gwanghwamun Cinecube and came out with a happy heart to see the cherry blossoms at Deoksugung Palace. It was so good crying
10,My heart got warm!
10,The story was so touching It was more surprising that it was a true story
10,Being able to watch this movie is a great blessing in your life
9,It makes you feel the calm comradeship of the concert going to the battlefield.
9,Your acting skills in movies are the best
10,I can't help but give you 10 points
10,He's the best. Wow.
10,It's a movie with a lot of fun and lessons to think about. It was really good
9,It's the last day of the tour at the orange cafe. It's touching
10,The acting of the two actors in my life movie was so great.
10,Oh... Lotte Cinema Broadway. Thank you They allowed me to watch this masterpiece later in the theater
10,It's a heartwarming movie that you can watch with your family.I strongly recommend this movie because it's so fun that you can't space out for a second
10,Watching a movie in a theater full of stimulating movies makes my heart warm and full
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie^^
10,Life work The value of personality and dignity
10,It's calm and pleasant. It's touching.It's a movie that makes me think a lot. It's a movie that I want to recommend to people around me
10,It couldn't have been better.
10,Racism needs to be eliminated
10,Kentucky Chicken of Peace Beyond Racism
10,I have nothing to say because it's fun.I'll see you around Christmas
10,It's a great movie. A movie that makes you think and think
10,No! Tony is the Lord of the Rings Aragon!
8,It's a movie that made me think a lot
9,It's a good movie.It was time to think about humans.I recommend it
10,Dignity always wins.
1,I really enjoy it
10,It is a movie made by combining Tony's charm and Shirley's nobility.
9,Tony is a man full of charm the more he sees him.
10,It's great to see a big family eating together at a Christmas party
10,The decent man is superior
10,It makes me think a lot. Thank you.
10,Acting...  Why are you so good?
10,It's warm. I didn't miss the fun
8,This is what a good movie is like
10,A movie that doesn't waste five stars!
10,A movie that fights my own prejudices that I had while I was unconscious.
10,Tony grumbles and listens to everything he says
8,It would have been better if the movie had been released on Christmas
10,Touching movie!!!!
10,Make sure you watch it. It's not a waste of time and money
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Why is the theater so small?
10,It was a good movieHaha
10,It's a movie that fits well with the word masterpiece
10,a movie with a warm echo
10,It's a life movie that's touching and fun at once fun
8,It was a calm but thought-provoking movie. It's a good movie that makes you reflect on the prejudices of the world and your own.
10,It was a movie that made me feel good after watching it. It was very warm.
10,a masterpiece that touches the heart
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,The true story of sublimating racial discrimination into one's own life and acknowledging each other's unlikely personalities makes me so happy that I became a wonderful friend from the perspective of seeing the other person's true self
10,Why was Tony's first meeting with Dr. Shirley at Carnegie Hall? I was horrified to see Tony skillfully use Dale Carnegie's principles of human relations.
10,Ah.. I really think this is a movie. It's been a while!
10,What a wonderful and heartwarming movie!
9,It's really touching. A true story is even more touching!
10,Good! A movie that I happened to see
10,It's a movie that leaves a lot of thoughts and lingering feelings.
10,I can't forget the sad eyes throughout the movie
10,Wow! That's the best movie ever! I love movies like this.What was a bit disappointing was... If I'd seen Dr. Don Shirley happy to meet his brother... Your emotional acting was the best!
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
10,I really clapped while watching it. It's a movie that makes you feel affectionate
10,I was so happy while watching it
10,It's a movie that makes me feel at ease and feels a lot
10,A journey to find the "me" personality
8,It was good. And I think the chemistry between the two actors was really good.
10,Is it a KFC commercial?
10,It was a good movie that touched my heart
7,I think it's normal...
10,I am glad to see you at the movie theater. The song and the scenery were beautiful. I think it's going to last a long. The best movie ever
10,A movie that was more touched by a police officer who was like the last Christmas present
10,It's a work that depicts the terrible issue of racism with humanity through the friendship of two men...!
10,Genius alone is not enough. I was deeply touched by the phrase "I need courage."
10,I think it's a movie that you have to watch
10,It feels like a luxurious movie because of the main character
8,It's a good movie that touches your heart
10,The view of racism is very elegant and elegant. So there is a greater echo.
10,The acting is good and the content is good
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,Watching movies is comfortable all the time.
10,It's such a warm movie...It's a movie that gives me a chance to look back on my life. Tony and Shirley's laugh is the best!
10,It's been a while since I watched a masterpiece movie
10,I want to watch a movie that I want to watch every day like a one-day soap opera
10,It's been a while since I've had one... a movie that's not loud but pretty focused.
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,The movie that lingers a lot...
10,A thankful movie that made me cry while laughing and smiling throughout the movie
10,I always focus on the work for adults who are working hard and having a hard time and time again I strongly recommend it
9,Culture shock. Green guidebook.
10,A movie that makes me think twice about my way of life again
10,It's a really good movie.
10,It was a touching movie that allowed us to think about prejudice in our society again. 2 hours that are never boring...
10,It was nice to see you on a calm Friday night
9,It's fun. It's a movie that you can watch comfortably
10,A movie like Shawshank Escape that you'll watch it again. Such a beautiful movie.
10,You want me to increase the number of movie theaters? Don't push for extreme jobs.
10,Each person's prejudice or new perspective
10,Time to wash away all discrimination and prejudice
9,It's a good movie that's calm but resonating.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time
10,a well-made movie without a title The title was the worst.
10,Don't look at useless things. Let's look at things like this
10,It's a movie without condiments.A gentle wave flows through my mind.
10,This movie is the best! Make sure to watch it
10,Movie of my life. Movie that I want to keep watching.
10,The best movie I've ever heard.
8,a journey to change prejudice against humans
8,Thank you for the good movie. ^^
8,The music that awakens the emotions and the pain of the past era pierces my heart so desperately that I feel sad and cold all the whole time? Do you want to stay deep in your heart for a long time? A very good movie?
10,The greatest enemy of human rights struggle is loneliness
8,It was such a meaningful and good movie.It's a movie that makes me think about racism and true friendship again
10,I clap for the last piano performance without realizing it!
10,Compliments add disaster!!! It's a beautiful movie
10,It's fun. Let's open it
10,It is a really good movie.
10,The movie that touched my heart...
10,It was a movie that made me feel the sound of human dignity after a long time.
10,Best movie ever! A movie that keeps you warm and moving.
10,May their own green book be our all green book
10,It feels like my heart is full and my heart is warm. I think I received a lot of gifts
10,Let's really not do racism!
10,It's beautiful as it is...It's my favorite movie. It's so beautiful that I can't help but cry
9,A good movie that lingers a lot!
10,The most memorable movie and the most interesting movie is "Green Book".
10,It's worth seeing just the depth and weight of the scene in the second half
10,It's even more touching that it was a true story
10,A movie that makes me look back on myself
9,A ray of warmth soaked my heart in the rage of prejudice
10,I like this kind of movie
10,A movie that breaks prejudice even to a prejudiced audience
10,I was surprised that Mayor Park Won-soon appeared in the movie
10,A movie where warm smiles and emotional emotions coexist throughout the movie. It made me think that changing the system requires courage and gave me an opportunity to reflect on my actions.
9,Violence does not prevail. The line was impressive. A movie that makes you feel good!
10,It was fun. I hope you watch this movie at least once
10,I enjoyed a good movie
10,I liked the process of becoming friends
10,I usually like touching stories... This movie is good!
10,The movie shows the racism of white people against Asians in debt to this story and the shame and humiliation of such racism to me as an Asian who has not yet experienced it
10,It's a ten-point movie
10,A rare movie that resonates in my heart
10,It was a good movie that would affect my outlook on life. Thank you.
10,Warm and good movie against prejudice and discrimination...
10,A movie that made me look back and reflect on myself
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a movie that makes you think a lot. I really enjoyed it because the story development went by so that it wasn't boring!!!
10,It's my life movie!!!
10,I can't help admiring Shirley's patience and courage
10,It's a movie that lingers in my mind. I enjoyed it
10,I liked the well-made movie that made me think a lot while being calm
10,I saw a true humanist!
10,It's a good movie that breaks the prejudice!
10,It's a movie that's fun and deep enough to make you think
10,Thank you for the good movie!
8,I went to KFC right away because of courseI was able to look back at Tony's change Prejudice about others that are hidden in our heads
10,I wish I had a world without prejudice
10,Let's be together. Happy Happy Happy Happy E-Mart! I can't believe the E-Mart song came out. Home Cook Fried Chicken! Their facial expressions were so funny
9,Discrimination without reason should be eliminated. It's literally discrimination. A good movie. A movie I want to watch on Christmas.
10,I watched it with GFRIEND in a touching way.It's been a long time since I saw a movie that can give you 10 points
10,I found my favorite movie in a long time
10,The best movie of my life. Thank you
10,It was a movie that was so touching and touching when I screened it with my wife.
10,It was a heartwarming movie.I'm happy tonight
10,It's more fun than I expected and Mahershala Ali's eye smile is so attractive.I watched it three times.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It was great. I enjoyed it!Compliments to directors and actors!
10,It was a touching movie :)
10,It was such a good movie! The way he looked at black racism from a white perspective was very good ^^
10,I loved it. Tony who realized discrimination and became a human being
10,There was a reason why my friends recommended it.I recommend it to those who want calm fun and touching moments
10,It was more fun than I thought and I'm glad I watched it. It was a movie that made me think about discrimination one more time.
10,Prejudice is just prejudice...I didn't expect it at all. It's a movie that deserves a screenplay award.
10,It was so good! a film that is calm and has a loud echo
10,It's touching. It's fun and warm inside.
10,A black shirt in a suit is the best...
10,A great film that moves your heart without a flaw
10,Thank you to the people who made great works!
10,The most important thing in life was who to meet. Being provided with rest and cool breeze with moving music and quiet rural scenery is a bonus ^^ I bow to them who have endured those times for a while as I learn what the title "Green Book" is
10,The last scene was so simple and touching.
10,A warm and touching movie. Thank you^^
10,a heart-beating message
10,Thank you for your letter It couldn't happen at the ending afterwards.
10,It takes courage to change something
10,It's a perfect movie
8,A must-see movie.a gentle touch
10,I hope through the Green Book that everyone will live in a society without prejudice.
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure you watch it Let's add comments
10,The best movie that inspires and inspires Shirley's famous lines!A movie like a movie
10,It feels like I watched a really good movie
8,a heartwarming movie
10,It was so touching. Everything was the best
10,I loved it. It was so touching and fun
10,Take a look at anything again
9,I am deeply moved by the life of the protagonist who has endured discrimination and neglect for many years. I hope that all the prejudices and discriminations that still exist in the world will disappear and that the world will be a good place to live soon
10,I'm not sure if you can describe a person's emotions in such a detailed way  I don't know what the movies I've seen so far.It makes me feel it again  The actors' acting and directing skills are amazing
10,A better movie to watch with your children
10,It's really goosebumps in the rain.The chemistry between the two actors was so good
10,I'm short of 5 stars Strongly recommend
10,Make sure to watch it. It's your favorite movie.
10,It's a movie that made me realize that nothing is obvious. There's a loud
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.Haha
10,Oh... Vigo Mortensen...It seems that Easton Pramis' face will remain a different feeling and lingering feeling before it is forgotten.What a great movie!I can see why you recommended it so much around me.I was surprised to hear that I saw my friend twice who didn't watch foreign movies because he was too lazy to read subtitles.
10,The acting and emotions of the two main characters that touch my heart. It's been a while since I've seen a movie like a movie.
10,This is my life movie ^^
10,It was the best movie.I hope you watch it somehow
10,I'll watch it again on Christmas Eve
10,It's a great movie that made me write Naver rating for the first time. Sigh...
10,A must-see movie. Audience advertising through word of mouth.I've been looking for a lot of small movies because I'm tired of the big distributor's monopoly. I met some movies that didn't meet my expectations.Garbernaum and the Green Book. You have to watch a lot of movies like this.
10,The movie that I expected but liked the calm than expected. A film that makes you smile.
10,an impression that is not forced out of one's heart out of one's mind
10,Best movie of the year... It's still March.
10,Things you'll never know if you haven't been there
10,I feel emotional. And it's touching.
10,I was able to watch it pleasantly while thinking a lot throughout the whole time so that it was hard to evaluate it in just a few lines. The movie that lingers... I recommend watching it alone
10,I hope there will be more movies like this!
10,It's a warm movie to watch. It's the best. ^^
10,I love this kind of movie. I hope all prejudices in the world disappear
10,a movie that won't be boring and will make you fall for it
9,I solved the problem of racism pleasantly.
10,It's touching. It makes me think twice about discrimination
8,It's a movie that cleans your eyes with stimulating content and fancy CG
10,I was so happy to eat luxury caviar and Kentucky Fried Chicken together.
10,Is this the maximum score of 10 points? I think I just clapped throughout the movie
10,I enjoyed it a lot!
10,It's my first time to write a rating on a movie of my life
10,It's a movie that's touching and gives you a lesson!
10,Ah... I headed home feeling like my heart was full after a long time  It was too bad that I saw it alone
10,Just watch it. It's a good movie
10,It's a really good movie. Make sure you watch it
10,The best movie of 19 so far. Is there anyone who hasn't seen it?
10,Is it okay for Korean theaters to treat this work so poorly? It's a piece of work that you can't miss out on.A deep impression is likely to linger for a long time.
10,It was hard to find the theater. I'm glad I can see you at the theater before I get off at all the theaters.
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently I'm on my way to see it for the second time today.
10,It was calm and fun. I enjoyed it
9,It feels like I went on a heart-breaking and warm trip with people who are not perfect
10,It's such a good movie!
10,Let's not discriminate against prejudice I think each person is different
10,It was the best movie of my life. Seriously.
10,I hope everyone will be the same someday
10,There's no need for words  It was a trip that changed the values of the best healing movie hero.
10,It's a movie with both laughter and emotion. It lingers for a long timeI recommend it. ^^
10,A must-see movie this year
9,A calm and warm movie. It's all the more touching because it's a true story
10,This is a movie. I want Korean distributors to see it
10,You're giving me a cool impression
10,It's the best. The best
8,It's a film that lingers. It's a bit boring in the beginning
10,I went to watch it lightly and felt heavy. I think I'll remember it for a long time
10,The movie of my life that makes me cry while enjoying it
9,I liked the subtle descriptions that sent the message
10,meet two different people to learn what they can't learn and suffer what they can't
9,How many prejudices are we living with? I made a great movie based on a true story. I give my compliments.
10,It's such a good movie.Why are there so many screenings?
10,I want to strongly recommend a movie. It is calm but there is a strong impression and lingering feeling
10,I watched a good movie after a long timeIt's a movie that brings a calm changeI hope there will be many movies like this
10,Make sure you watch it. It's not boring
10,It's a fun scene. It's touching and touching
9,The music playing from time to time is so cozy as the screen changes. I can relate to the story. The natural scenery is great and the road movie warms your heart.
10,a film with a calm and strong impression
10,I feel the arrogance and prejudice of the world.It's not flashy but calm
9,Calm fun and touching...
10,You made it well! Expectation satisfaction :-)
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,a movie about racismThe U.S. is home to people who are not much different from us.Where there are more inhumane people than we are.Although it's one side.Our country will be a great country.The day when Japanese conservatives disappear.
10,I really enjoyed watching a movie based on a true story that broke racial prejudice and discrimination.
10,I haven't seen a good movie in a long time. It was a movie that showed how useless human prejudice is.
9,How to deal with big topics with little content
10,Tony's specialty is straightforwardness."I envy you for saying what you want to say." "A movie that makes you smile because the chemistry between the two characters is good."
10,A movie that I want to express my feelings after watching a movie for the first time. It is good to be able to express facts that can be remembered as bad memories calmly but sometimes pleasantly. It's a movie that's not provocative and easy to immerse yourself in.
10,There's no need for words Make sure to watch it
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,One of the reasons why life is fun is that there is a movie like this that you meet once in a while in your life.
10,a modest approach
10,A touching movie that shows the process of building a tower of friendship by confronting injustice and prejudice in their own way. My heart was warm all the time.
9,It was the best Christmas ever.
10,It is a must-see movie living in the 21st century.It's so touching
10,A movie that made me feel various emotions. I became shy.
10,Understanding from each other's point of view made them true friends. Too bad it's not showing in many movie theaters.
4,I think it's overrated.
10,It's a story of people who didn't take it for granted that everyone enjoyed it for granted.Why Shirley shouted 'dignity' so much.
10,It's a meaningful movie that's light and fun but makes you emotional
10,It was the most pleasant movie I've seen recently.
10,Mahashala speaks with her eyes. You've become a different driver from Eastern Pramis. Both are characters ♡
10,It's a movie that I'm glad I didn't miss it. It's a movie that touches your heart. It's Gingchu
10,The gentle changes of two people that are constantly being brushed are lovely.
10,It's been a while since I saw this movie
10,I feel like I can see it in between the scenes. I really enjoy watching it
10,It's the best. It will be the best movie ever.
10,I feel better!
8,A movie that makes you curious about Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,I watched a really good movie in Jamsil today
10,It was really good and amazing
8,The Asians are out.
10,It was time for Tony to be happy enough with his guts and talk.
10,It was so touching
10,Movie recommendation! There's a reason why the rating is high! I've been binge-watching Dr. Don Shirley's songs all day long after watching the movie! He always plays YouTube music
10,It's a movie that lingers a lotI'm going to go eat KFC
8,It was a movie that made me feel the beauty of soaking
10,I bought it on TV and watched it The main characters have a lot of charms
10,It was a heart-warming movie
1,It's higher than Shawshank's escape. It's for rating adjustment.
10,It's very touching. It's so nice
10,I enjoyed watching the movie "Sigh..." while watching the movie why the title of the road movie (?) of the South American tour with a black man with a sophisticated manner and a white Italian man full of humanity. It's more heart-warming that we were good friends until the day you two die
8,I liked the touching story and music
9,There will be a world where discrimination decreases only when there are more movies dealing with discrimination.
10,It's a really good movie...
10,Thank you for the good movie
8,It's fun and the content is good
10,It's a movie that you'll regret if you didn't It was really good
10,. Just look at it.
10,It's a work of art. A work of art.
10,Director Dumb and Dumber...Also
10,A movie that is sad that the theater is small. A movie with a heavy theme or a movie with a sensuous movie
7,Just the way you feel when you watch "Untouchable".
10,My heart was so good the whole time I watched it.
10,The movie of my life. I don't need to say anything. I must watch it
10,Second viewing. I'm going to watch it again. Everyone who watched it together is impressed and moved. truth.
9,A movie that gives hope to humans in a brutal world like these days
8,The wits in between were really good.It's a shame Mortensen didn't win the Academy Award for Best Screenplay.
10,Two different people who don't seem to be acting.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Clearness that keeps you thinking but keeps you from overheating.
10,It's a painting that leaves a lot of lingering feelings.
10,It's a heart-warming movie. It's a movie about the process of giving each other what we need and breaking prejudice and respecting each other as human to human
10,A really good movie to watch.It was warm
10,It's a really fun movie
10,A movie that's good for prenatal education. Heartwarming
10,Okay. The acting of the two actors was great
10,I cried and laughed and got goosebumps watching this movie. It's the best!
10,It's a movie that lingers for the first time in a long time
10,Make sure to watch it. A heart-warming healing movie
10,It warms my heart after watching it. I look back on myselfIt was a good movie^^
10,friendship beyond racism
10,It was a movie that made me look back on myself. I recommend it
10,It's been a while since I've run a movie
10,The movie with meaning was fun. Please increase the number of theaters
10,Understanding each other 1:1 is not everyone's privilege. I was happy to see this movie as a dream come true whether it was true or not
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie. You'll regret it if you don't watch it.
10,It was so touching
10,It's fun. It makes me feel good
10,the best movie in the last five years
10,It's warm and cool. I can't express it. Make sure you watch it
10,It was touching and nice
10,the warmest and most heartwarming movie
10,The road that looks straight now stems from a man who walked through thick thorns
10,The movie is so good. The black man is so lovely
10,A movie that's very moving. It was so nice  I hope you watch it
10,It was nice to see a good movie
10,I watched a good movie after a long time~~
10,One of the life movies following Help.
10,It's just people and people
10,I applaud you for being able to make such a moving and witty movie even though it flows calmly from start to end without sudden development of flow or instigation of emotions.It was also good to see the music and scenery that showed local colors around the southern part of the United States.
10,Italian guy lover?
10,It's so touching. It's a human drama
10,Good! I watched it with my family and it was good.
10,Both the supporting and main characters were moved by detailed expressions of emotions and gave peace of mind with beautiful piano melodies. I really want to recommend a movie like a happy virus!
10,What a good movie! The piano melody is so touching and beautiful! This is a real movie!
10,Listen carefully to the lines^^
10,It's a masterpieceIt was so touching
10,A film that is not too much but enough to convey a message. It was a good movie.
10,There's no time to be bored...Who am I entitled to discriminate against?This is the movie.
8,People who needed each other so much.Am I a necessary person?
10,A movie that's more touching because it's calm
10,It's been a while since I watched a high-quality healing movie.
10,I can't believe this kind of movie can only be introduced in Korea.Must be designated as a mandatory viewing movie
10,a huge change caused by small movements
10,It's a must-see movie
10,Look at this. It's annoying that I have to fill out at least ten letters before I get registered. It's up to me
10,I remember the skillful directing and acting I recommend watching it before it's over^^
10,I was surprised twice that the main character was Aragon I'm craving chickenRacism is heartbreaking. Dr. Don Shirley acts well. Heartwarming movies like this are so good
9,Oscar is not wrong
10,I think it's to go long an aftertaste.Two leading actor's performance is so good ...
10,Aragon is acting crazy.
10,Such a movie is a masterpiece that I see only a few times a year.I liked the feeling of touching people's hearts and it is a warm movie that makes me feel happy after watching the movie
10,It is a must-see movie. I'm going to watch it again.
10,It's still lingering. It was so much fun
10,It was a healing movie after a long time  It was nice to be able to feel both humor and emotion My music in the movie is a bonus
10,It was a really good movie~~
10,It's the best. I hope there are more theaters
10,A movie that warms my heart. A movie that made me feel comfortable and happy and laugh at the end
10,Dr. Shirley is adamant that decency always prevails among brute whites
8,I'm sad that I couldn't see it at the movie theaterIt's fun ^^
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,I think it's been a long time since I saw a really good piece!
10,It is my favorite movie
10,There is a reason for the high rating
10,It's more than I expected I'd love to.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie
10,It's touching and very fun. I loved the unpredictable freshness
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot...
8,I'm glad it wasn't Shinpaa movie that can be seen
10,I was happy the whole time I still can't stop smiling I want to catch and recommend anyone on the street
8,It's a warm movie. I recommend it
10,It was touching.
10,Applause for the unbiased friendship between the dazzling Don Sherry and the troublemaker Tony
10,Why did Aragon come out here?
10,Let's watch it one more timethe best movie
10,They're so cute and lovely
10,The whole time I was watching the movie was great
10,A movie that completely broke the prejudice that it would be boring. A movie that gave you enlightenment and thoughts without being bored at all.
1,Best Entertainment Movie of 2018
10,That's exactly when black racism is serious. Even a true story is a movie that learns a lesson.It breaks my heart to hear that I don't belong to a black person or a man among the lines that the Doctor said.
6,Why is it so high? I don't think it's this high...It's just normal
10,It's a perfect movie Hah!
10,It was more than I expected! I don't know how much black people used to be treated unfairly. There's a lot in the movie
10,I'm touched. It must be a great movie
10,It was a heartwarming and touching movie
10,It's a movie that I couldn't stand up easily even afterwards.It's kind of touching to say that it's fun.Tony and Shirley are both so good at acting.I envy true friendship.
10,It was a touching movie
10,I saw Jopesh from Aragon.
10,I was touched~ ^^ The work and reality were both good.
10,Strangely tearful - a magical movie
10,The squabbling between the two strangers didn't want to end because the tsundere friendship and the humor in the film as a whole weren't boring Warmth and Mayor Park Won-soon sometimes appear
10,The best! The best! It's on the list of my favorite movies
10,The best movie in the first half of this year
10,It was touching. I think it'd be nice to watch it with your family
10,It was a touching and happy movie
10,I don't usually use things like this...
10,I watched a movie that I made in a long timeTo the point where I cry because I'm touched
10,I wanted to call a lonely and courageous person right now and ask them to watch the Green Book together
10,Every human being deserves respect. To be prejudiced against extroverts.I'm also ashamed to be human.  It was such a warm and touching movie
10,Thank you for the movie that makes me think about the courage to confront loneliness and prejudice
10,I saw this. I don't want to waste time and it's fun
8,I wish I could see you on Christmas.I lost track of time and watched it.Thumbs up
10,A film that gently shows the sadness of a person who could not belong anywhere. A movie that showed that what was everyday for someone was what someone dreamed of. A movie that showed us how prejudice has affected us
10,I predict that one day Bigo Mortensen will win Best Actor.
10,It's fun and touching!
10,the pleasure of seeing Remark is
10,Is there any way to give more than 10 points?I was biased because I was into hero movies.
6,Is it fun without the message? Obvious story. Obvious story
10,It's been a long time since I saw such a good movie. I'll have to watch it again before I get out of the theater^^
10,A movie that warms my heart after watching it.
10,The best! I watched it without knowing the time was passing
10,This kind of movie is the real movie
10,Wow... I trusted the ratings and enjoyed it. It was a movie that made me think about many things. :)
10,the best heartwarming movie
10,Best movie of the year that makes you lose track of time
10,Make sure you watch it. It's the best movie ever.
10,I think it is such a good movie. I was happy when I was immersed from the beginning to the end of this movie.
10,The best movie ever!  It's a shame that there aren't many theaters for such good movies
10,I'm so happy to see such a good movie
10,Thank you for the Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,Was it decency that protected Dr. Shirley? What kept Dr. Shirley?
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it at the movie theater
10,It is a movie that shows why it is being screened for a long time. A movie that delivers a heavy message without stimulation.
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. Every line is a wise saying.
10,It's a warm movie that tells you to give prejudice to dogs!
10,Why aren't you showing a masterpiece like this? Damn CGV
10,It's the best movie ever. I can't get over it
10,Dr. Shirley's acting is the best
7,The atmosphere of racism has shown a topic that can become heavy without overdoing it!
10,A film that is calm and touching without much flexion
10,It's the best movie. It makes you think about prejudice and friendship
10,Please let me see this beautiful movie.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot!
9,Kentucky Fried Chicken!
10,I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm me~ Hold hands with my family
9,I didn't feel like watching a movie after a long time. But there is no real Green Book.
10,It's been a while since I saw a funny movie with a lesson ^^
10,It's seriously so much fun
10,It's been a while since I saw a calm and heartwarming movie! The two main characters have great chemistry and are cute. I hope you watch it. 10 points!
10,There was Italian loyalty and warmth.
10,The chemistry between Vigo Mortenson's unconscious performance and Mahershala Ali's screwed-up performance was good.
10,I will want to watch the movie again even if I watch it several times.
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. I'm taking it.
10,It's a touching Young-Young-Young-young
7,Hmm... The score is too high It's like a friendship supply of 1% Untouchable.
10,A calm movie. It was a good movie after a long time
10,It was so good. It's sad and great
10,There's an impression that's hard to explain in words.
10,It's a very warm movie that heals you. I strongly recommend it!
10,I haven't seen a proper movie in a long time.
10,a film that gives a light impression
10,I like movies like this Not romance action fantasy noir...A piece that smells like a person
9,a film that lingers heavily
10,A must-see movie in 2019...
8,A movie is supposed to be so touching and perfect.I still can't get out of the shock and disappointment that extreme jobs are over 16 million! I feel good even if I get more than 10 million hearts when it's a green book.The movie's standards are falling apart in front of money
6,Hidden Figure is better.Not very impressed
10,Another movie of my life came out
9,It's a healing movie.
10,Make sure to watch the best movie of the year
10,It's such a good movie.
10,A movie that gave you a small laugh and a touching moment.
10,The best movie of my life that I can't help but write a rating.
10,It's been a while since I laughed and felt touched
10,It's a movie that makes me think about life again. It was a movie that made me feel happy from the middle of the movie.
10,The people who made it and the actors who played it are great movies.A movie that makes even the people who saw this movie cool
7,A good movie to reflect on prejudice
10,I watched it with my mom and it was so much fun.A decent movie ♡^^
10,A film that has a long lingering impression that touches the serious subject without difficulty or humorously.
7,A good work that shows the heavy subject of racism in the 1960s through the perfect combination of the two characters
10,What else is a movie? This is what a movie is like
10,I was pleased to see Tony as a family man. I have to pay attention to prejudice against other people of color that happens near where I live and reflect on myself
10,One more life movie added.Dignity prevail everything...
10,I really enjoyed watching a good movie
9,a film that looks back on racism without being over-minded
10,An Academy Award-winning story. A work that shows the greatness of the story itself
10,It was a movie that lingered even afterwards. I really enjoyed it.
8,There's no movie to watch these days. It's calm and witty. I enjoyed it
10,A must-see movie! I enjoyed watching a movie that was fun and still lingered in my mind
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good movie
10,Just watch a movie that doesn't need words
10,a true-life film without words
10,It's more than friendship. Make sure you watch it
10,Humor and routines passing by on the road melt the ice
10,It's a movie that really needs to be shown longer... Let's stop showing exclusive films in Korea
10,The best movie of my life...It's a heart-breaking and heart-warming movie
10,The main character's actions and the process of the story were impressive. Healing!
10,Real bromance...That's nice
10,I reflected on my prejudice that it would not be good even before I watched the movie. I really want to recommend this movie!
10,It was a movie that made me think about the prejudice that I would face for a moment.
9,Thank you very much. Green Book
10,It's the best. I kept crying while watching it. I was really impressed.
10,It's been a while since I saw a touching movie
10,I watched a really good movie after a long time
10,Respect and love for human beings
10,a poignant and heartwarming film I recommend it
10,It's been a long time since I saw a fun and touching movie
8,Racism of color. It was a movie that I thought about again.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. The two main characters are so good at acting that the immersion is no joke. I liked the flow of water that wasn't boring.
10,I think it's been a while since I saw a pleasant movie. It was so much fun ^^
10,Only when you maintain your dignity do you win only when you keep your dignity. Violence does not win.
10,I was watching Aquaman and I solved it after watching the Green Book.
10,A good movie that lingers in my mind for the first time in a while.
10,It was so good! Make sure to watch it!
10,The moment 2019 was put on the list of movies that were filled with movies from the 90s
10,a soul-purifying film A pretty way of warning about racism
10,Green book. Eleven stars
10,A movie that warms you.
10,There has never been a movie like this before. There really wasn't
10,I think the actors' acting is amazing
10,Make sure to watch it! A fresh and touching movie!
9,It was fun and touching. I laughed a lot with my friend in the scene where I threw the fried chicken out of the window
10,It's a movie that warms your heart and makes you sad
10,A movie that would have been disappointing if I didn't watch it.
9,Don't say anything. I just like movies like this
10,A well-made movie that combines touching and laughing
10,Tony's family is very warm and kind. His wife is wise and he can feel spiritual satisfaction
10,It's the bestIt was the best movie I've seen this year
7,a guidebook to making black friends
10,It's been a long time since I saw a fun and touching movie
10,This year's movie. Cliché's comfort is a bonus
10,A movie that gently stirs. A good movie that impresses the driving miss daisy from another perspective!!!
10,It was a movie that made me shed hot and strong tears for the first time in a while.
10,Touching! Fun! It's all in place. You can even see the reality of America in the 1960s
10,There are many people who are afraid to reach out first even if they are lonely.
10,It's a really touching movie. I can look back on myself.Make sure to watch it. I strongly recommend itIt's a movie that lingers a lot
10,I really enjoyed it and it was touching
10,I can't help but smile when I can't help but smile.
10,I could feel how hard it must have been for a brilliant human being to discriminate and insult by prejudice in society. Congratulations on the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor
10,It's a movie full of really great lines that remain in my mind. It's the best movie certificate I've seen recently.
10,Cool UJUNG is the best!
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen this year.
10,Best movie I've ever seen this year
10,Bigotenson movies are all so good. He has a good eye for choosing a movie choices
10,About the ambivalence of human beings full of hypocrisy
10,It's a really good movie. I enjoyed it
10,The best... I enjoyed the most out of all the movies I watched recently
8,It was calm and fun
8,I thought again about discrimination and courage~~ A good movie
10,It's the best movie ever from beginning to end
10,It's been good for two hours I'm impressed by Shirley's warm and natural smile in the second half^^
9,Serious Neyong entertained the audience with his excellent performances of the two main characters.
9,I thought this is what a movie is like without superfluousness is like.
10,It was the best movie that lingered a lot.
10,I watched a very good movie.
10,It's a warm movie that leaves a long lingering impression!
10,It's a warm movie that leaves a long lingering impression!
10,It's a touching masterpiece. It's not a difficult art movie. It's a humanism movie that everyone should watch. Make sure to watch it!
10,I watched it without thinking. My favorite movie
8,Shirley's acting was impressive
10,A movie that depicts the 60s of America very well. A movie that contains sad things very pleasantly. A movie with calm emotions and laughter. A movie that is more touching based on a true story.
10,The work depicts the process of Don Shirley and Tony redefining their values and finding their identity. It is accusing the deep-rooted prejudice that remains in society with the issue of race as the main subject. The detail that properly combines lightness and heavyness stands out.
10,A good movie... There's a reason why the rating is 9.9. Trust and watch it
10,I really enjoyed it. It is my life movie.
10,It's warm and fun. with a ringing
8,The supporting actor's acting was great and the last piano performance was goosebumps
10,What a great movie...It was touching
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,It's been a while since I saw a moving movieI should let my friends know about this fun movie~~^^
10,It's the movie of my life. I want to see it again.
10,I lost track of time and watched it. I'm in love with Tony who really enjoys eating Kentucky Fried Chicken.Haha
10,It's a great movie that leaves a deep impression.
10,It's the best movie that touches the heart
10,I understand why you won the Academy Award for Best Picture
10,A very nice ending...I like it
8,It was a meaningful and warm movie to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
10,It's been a long time since I saw an interesting movie.
7,a gentle and cute movie The music was good
10,It's great to see couples together! It's not boring. It's fun
10,It was so much fun
10,I wanted to see a long movie before editing.
10,It's a movie that gives you a lingering impression and something to think about
10,Let's not do racism.
10,It's a movie that's really well made and fun
10,It was a movie that deserved the Academy Award for Best Picture
10,A movie that seems light but gives a heavy impression without a single useless scene.
10,A good movie! It's touching
10,It's a movie that gives a gentle echo
10,I got to watch it because people recommended it. It was a really warm movie It makes me think more about relationships with people
10,It's by far the best movie I've seen in years!!!
10,A must-see movie... It's a shame that the number of theaters is too high.
7,A sound movie that may be boring at first but warm-hearted.
10,It was so touchingNot boring at all - a movie I'd recommend to people around me
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It's the best movie I've seen lately!
10,A movie that makes you feel good!
10,I hope there are many movies like this in theaters
10,Both of them were so nice to see.
10,It was such a good movie
10,The best movie I've seen lately!Thank you to the person who recommended it
10,The thrilling movie makes us look back on ourselves
10,It's not fun! It's an interesting movie. It's a really good movie
10,This is a ten-point movie. Where did I see the main character? Where? Aragon?shivering
10,We have to go to KFC
10,Stupid hero is always number one. It's a movie tailored to an ignorant white American who is only elementary and middle school. 딱 I can see that there are all good movies except ranking 10.
10,My sisters came to see Seoul and laughed together and watched it well.  I recommend it as a family movie.
10,A movie that depicts race and class problems not too heavy but moderately pleasant and moderately warm. It leaves a big impression.
10,Tony... that's so cool.The plot of the film is flawless.Should I say it's like a clockwork
10,It's definitely the best movie of the year.
10,It's the best! It's really well made It makes my heart warm
10,It's the best movie of 2019
10,Good~~~~---^^
8,The Academy Award for Best Picture is a natural movie. You can just watch it without thinking. Then you can feel it.
10,The best movie of 2019
10,A movie that leaves a first review after watching a movie. The sad life of a genius black man was not heavy. Thanks to Tony ^^ When Shirley offered to be the road manager in front of the hotel door...Another charm of Aragon. Let's just watch it!
10,Touching. Touching. Touching
10,I'm glad I didn't exaggerate the big developments
10,I watched a movie that was very moving and made my heart ache
8,A movie worth watching and fun. A movie that makes me feel good after watching it.
8,The story of two hot-tempered men traveling.
10,I was stupid to think it would be boring. None of the scenes are boring and all are good scenes.
10,It was touching and fun. It was good
10,It's a movie that makes my heart flutter
10,I showed it to my parents and they said it felt like they read a fairy tale Hah!
10,Watch it. It's fun
10,The great story based on the actual story and the actors' great acting were the best^^! Listening to music was better!
10,It was a movie that lingered a lot It was really good.
10,Academy Award for Best Picture
10,It was a movie that was very touching^^ I think it'd be so nice to watch it alone~
9,It's such a good movie. It's about racial discrimination with its unique wit and humor
9,Common cliché but not obvious racist buddy material.
8,It was nice because it was calm Recommend.
10,Best movie I've seen this year!
10,I just don't understand why this "work" is number seven
10,It was a really healing and good movie
10,Pleasant touch throughout the best movie
10,I'm sorry that I only have 10 points to do for this moving and lingering movie.
10,It's very touching. Very heart-warming
9,Real values and happiness that can be felt only when you throw away prejudice
10,The movie that made me happy throughout the whole time
10,This is a movie.
10,It seems like we traveled together for a long time.The changes between the two characters are heartwarming^^
10,Best movie for me. A movie to watch again for the rest of my life.
10,It's a shame there aren't enough theaters. A good movie to think about what kind of person I was
10,His smile after the piano performance was so sad.
10,It lingers a lot It wasn't spicy. It was really good
9,It's a good movie to watch with a friend. It allows me to think about relationships
10,I really enjoyed watching it! I hope there will be many movies like this.
10,It's touching and fun in the middle of the movie! The last scene was so good! A movie you want to watch one more time
10,a must-see movie for racists
10,Make sure to watch it... But is the theater for real?
9,It was fun. The story of two people protecting themselves in different ways
10,It's a movie that gave fun and meaning to the audience
8,It's a good movie that lingers for the first time in a long time. It takes courage to move a person's mind.
10,It was so good that I watched it twice^^
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a healing movie
10,Make sure to watch the best movie twice
10,Get a beautiful piano performance with a touching smile
10,There are many beautiful scenes that break prejudice
10,What's so touching about this movie will overcome loneliness for those who are trapped in fear and who can't approach first
10,Best comment: Don't be surprised...He's Aragon.L
10,I recommend it if you like movies like "Untouchable"!
10,It's very touching~~^^
10,It was a movie that made me look into my heart for the first time in a while.It made me realize my existence and the value of my family
10,It's a great movie that warms your heart and makes you hungry
10,Very very very very very good
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie so that I wasn't bored
10,The movie of my life! The song and the actors are all fantasies!
10,A movie that made me reflect on myself for looking at the world with prejudice. It feels like I added sweetness to the friendship of the 1% Untouchable. Thank you.
10,You have all the conditions that a good movie should have. I recommend it.
10,Each line and scene is full of wit. It's a movie that warms your heart as if you ate rice soup
8,A delightful movie. I'm glad I saw it late
10,My favorite movie. I'll keep it for the rest of my life.
10,The movie got a high rating and the composition and scenario were really goodBest new movie ever
9,On a gloomy day...It was a movie that gave me healing
9,Masterpiece and all that
10,Touching. Great acting. The surprise of the final real person introduction.
10,I really enjoyed itThe content of the movie is great and it will be fun to watch again and again.It's a movie that gets a lot of touching and fun
10,It was the most interesting movie I watched recently Tsunami of touching moments
10,It's interesting. I learned a lesson
10,A movie that prejudiced people should watch and reflect on
10,The character is so great
10,Being different doesn't mean being different.
10,I was able to understand the times well while watching this movie. It was helpful! a movie recommendable to anyone
8,I'm touched. I want to recommend this movie
10,I strongly recommend a must-see movie!
8,It's nice to see you again 213311321
10,A good movie to think about in any situation beyond the times and backgrounds. I look back on my prejudices. Why am I embarrassed in the scene where I prepared fried chicken and corn?
9,I was forced to watch it and it was so heart-warming
10,I got goosebumps when I started playing at the bar.
10,Make sure to watch it. It was a satisfying movie
10,It's like a movie where calm emotions and cheerful energy are melted at the same time
10,It's a really good movie. It was hard to watch because the number of theaters was small. I think I saw it well.
10,A warm road buddy movie. The two leading actors are also good at acting
8,Predicted ending... A cliche plot... I'm touched as always.
10,This is the piano art of the last part.
10,I was attracted to the preview and it was so much fun
10,It's a good movieI enjoyed it
10,Maybe we want to live together in the last scene...
10,Make sure to watch it. Twice Look at it three times
10,I love it ♡ This is a movie. I'm rooting for the main characters
10,A loud cry broke out in a scene that was not sad at all. It's like a good movie to me that gives me a loud sound and impression that I can't handle casually. I really want to see it again and again. I hope the emotion that I can feel even when I see it again is always the same as today
10,The friendship between the two men fighting prejudice is cool
10,It's fun and touching. Hah!
9,The movie that didn't have enough theaters... You're so mean.
8,It's a good movie! It's good. 10 letters except for spaces
8,I can't believe it's Dumb and Dumber 2. What happened in four years?
10,It is the most impressive movie I have seen recently.
10,An authentic Hollywood-style film that imagines the following
9,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it
10,One of the best tricks of 2019. a very good film
10,It captured all the fun and excitement. A movie like a Christmas present.
9,A movie with good messages and pleasantness with laughter and tears
7,Typical white savior narrative.
10,Dr. Shirley's sad eyes are still lingering
10,The Age of Discrimination... It's the same now. Personal change can change the whole story.
9,It's a masterpiece where you can feel both fun and touching.The reason for 9 points is that the running time felt short.It was so much fun.
10,What a great movie! It's fun and touching
10,It is a good movie to watch with my family
10,I didn't know it was Vigo Mortensen. Acting for Best Actor
10,Let's change our prejudices and not judge by what we see
10,I watched a good movie after a long timeIt's a heart-warming story
10,It was fun!
10,It was more impressive than I expected
10,I think it's a must-see movie.
9,I don't like dramas and movies. It's a calm movie that makes you keep watching. It is a movie that is not difficult because it is organized to sympathize well with the psychology of the actors in the play.
9,It's touching. I was worried that you two might fight
10,A heartbreaking Merry Christmas.
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot afterwards
10,It's a good and comfortable movie
10,It's the best movie
7,It's a deep story that's calm. a heart-rending story
10,I'm so touched Make sure to watch it. It's a good movie
10,a classic Hollywood buddy movie I missed this kind of movie so much.
9,A road trip between a man who had a prejudice against black people and a man who couldn't belong between white people and black people. It is excellent in solving a heavy and realistic topic that you don't want to face. Great music is one of the means.
10,Debussy's Arabesque serenity was noticeable in the hotel lobby table scene
10,Calm production. Luxurious touch. I want to eat chicken with cigarettes
10,The music is beautiful. The theme of the background is
6,a harmonious Christmas
8,130 minutes isn't boring.
10,You have to give 10 points to a movie like this!
10,I remembered "Perfect World"   I think cars were similar
10,A movie that I learned a lot! It's good to watch it with your lover
8,A film that clearly showed the spectrum of Vigo Mortensen's acting. He seems to have bravely overcome the burden and responsibility of playing Italian. A movie that captures both fun and message
10,I could watch it with a big smilea heart-warming and heart-warming movie
10,A movie that made me think a lot
10,It's fun and touching
10,I don't know how two hours went by. I'm so glad I saw you. Make sure to watch it!
10,A masterpiece that I can recommend to everyone!
10,It's the best when it comes to movies!
10,A movie that I strongly recommend. 130 minutes in an instant
9,It's a warm movie!
8,It's a moving movie. Recommendations
10,Warm movie. I want to recommend it to people around me*
10,I watched a movie that lingers in my mind for the first time in a while.
10,Recommendation! It's calm and nice
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece - there should be a lot of movies like this in Korea!!
10,I want to give more than 10 out of 10 The best movie
10,It was a movie that made me realize my gratitude and brought shame.
10,It was so much fun and nice
10,It was so much fun!
10,It's a good movie that's calm and gives you a lesson
10,I went to KFC with my father who said he'd never eaten hamburgers before Hah!
10,a heartwarming movie I really recommend watching it with your children.
10,I enjoyed the movie about the friendship between the two men
10,It lingers for a long time
6,It was a movie that I didn't expect but it was better than I thought
10,It was a fun and warm movie!Make sure to watch it!
10,A movie you want to show your child
10,A masterpiece that somehow warms my heart
10,Just watch it. Awesome! But I'm angry that it's hard to find a theater
10,It was a touching movie.Hah!
10,It was so touching and fun
10,I feel like I watched a really good movie after a long time
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie like this I'm so touched
10,I ate healthy food and it tasted good. It felt like that.
10,I'm so touched. It was a happy movie
10,I think our people will take a step forward when we face up to history and take courage
10,It's my first time writing a comment.It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. Recommend.
10,I don't usually leave a rating. Make sure you watch it.
10,The story and acting are the best
10,A movie that makes me think a lot.
10,The best movie ever! Make sure you watch it
10,Pleasant yet touching
10,The best movie of my life. The movie that caught both of them
10,Dignity! The word that grace wins in any situation is memorable I don't think I'll be able to see Korean gangster movies that only change the seasoning.
9,I watched a movie that was fun and touching after a long time. I strongly recommend it!
10,It was really good. It's a movie full of lingering emotions
10,One of the best movies in life!
10,a cost-effective film A movie with good music and a humorous story
10,a film that leaves much to be desired
10,It's a really good movie.
10,I think it's really the director's discretion to make boring material this fun and touching.
10,Let's not take things that aren't taken for granted
10,It was just a movie.It reminds me of the meaning of life!
10,I was impressed. The process of understanding and changing each other remains impressive.
10,It's a movie that gives you a lot of excitement and thoughts with small fun and calm and simple development.
10,It's the best movie of my life.How did you leave such a lingering impression?Wow...
8,A Steinway commercial worth paying to watch
9,a heartwarming movie
8,Green book is really interesting.
10,The true story is very impressive. It was a great story.
10,It's a sad reality that the number of movies that are released is so small that I get angry and sad···
10,Good. It was very goodWell-made movie. Humanity is alive.I hope you watch it. The actors' acting is outstanding
10,I'm so happy to watch a movie that makes me smile^^
10,I recommend the best movie
9,A movie about fun and touching friendship and family love
10,The best movie for me since the 2017 animation "Your Name". You have to watch it no matter what.
10,It was a good time without saying nothing
10,It's so fun! I watched it twice
10,A movie that reflects the sad reality too well
10,It's a movie that reminds me of racism
10,It's touching. Calmly
10,It was good to have a lot of messages that would be important in life. It was a shame that there were not as many scenes of piano performance as I expected.
10,You're so funny. You're Arthur
8,I know why they call it Green Book. I think it's real to be able to welcome without partiality
9,I like the calmness^^ I see why the reviews are good
10,It was so much fun. I didn't know the time was passing and watched it. Make sure to watch it  Don't worry
10,A movie that won't be short of a two-time Academy Awards
10,It was good
10,Best movie ever! Make sure you watch it!
9,It was cool that E-Mart song came out
10,Mature perception creates a mature nation.Nothing is done in an instant.I strongly recommend this movie!
10,A movie that allows you to reflect on discrimination and prejudice again.
10,It feels like I watched a movie after a long time
10,It's not over yet. We should make a movie like this.
10,I'm so touched
10,I found the best movie ever.
10,It was a time when I needed a break. A movie that gave me a good laugh and lingering feeling
10,It was touching and fun The whole family enjoyed it
10,I watched it twice! I hope that you release a lot of movies like this and make them
10,The movie is so good. I didn't want it to end
10,I want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,He solved the problem of human skin color and dignity deliciously.
10,Is playing the piano photoshopped? Are you really hitting it?I thought it was Wesley Snipes.I don't know why it got controversial after getting the award.100 times more interesting than Rome
9,The movie is fun.  The white driver drives with a black boss. There seemed to be a lot of meaning in the scene where only black people worked hard in the field.
10,It's a movie that touches you and makes you laugh
9,My heart is getting warm. Haha
10,There is no need for words. the real thing.
10,A movie that I want to watch with a child who will be born later
10,A heartwarming movie that made me smile around my mouth when I found myself staring at the screen for a long time even after the movie was over~~♡
10,The movie is the best that makes you laugh and think while talking about discrimination that is uncomfortable and difficult to deal with
10,His acting to suppress his sadness was the best.
7,Let's go eat KFC.
10,The best movie of my life is beyond the Academy.  It's giving an Academy Award to a movie like this. Please show me a lot of movies like this. Especially Uijeongbu Shinsegae CGV. Thank you CGV. I finally have an eye for art
10,A good movie for the first time in a while. I strongly recommend it
10,I was deeply moved by the film as it was free from racial stereotypes.
10,It's an opportunity to know the pain of the powerless
10,It's a reminder of how much prejudice we live in
10,It's so nice.I hope Korean filmmakers and directors will see Lee Youngho
10,I really enjoyed watching the movie. I strongly recommend it.
10,It feels like I'm seeing America's hidden face
10,It's a movie that I watch without saying a word.
10,This is a movie... It was so good.
9,A warm movie that makes you feel a lot... I strongly recommend it!
10,It is a movie that makes you feel that there is still a prejudice and the word race made by imperialism.It is touching to see him confront the loneliness and discrimination of those who do not belong anywhere with dignity and courage
10,Elegant moving story shining in ugly times
9,The timing of experience and directness is excellent. Academy's choice is outstanding!
10,The composition is solid. I want to recommend this movie to everyone.
10,It's a good movie. It's worth taking off the top
9,His words and actions were beautiful beyond racial prejudice. Practice...It's a continuation of life's practice. It was nice to see a good movie after a long time.
10,It's been a while since I saw a beautiful movie
10,Vigo Mortensen Mahershala's performance is of the Gods.
10,It's unique and deep. It's fun. Wow.
10,It's a perfect Academy Grand Prix. I really like this kind of movie.
10,It still lingers after watching it. It's a real life movie.
8,A movie about a warm friendship in an irrational age when black racism was severe
9,The joy and message that a movie can give is overflowing
8,It's a good movie where I felt something warm about their friendship.
9,Calmly touching? Homework that's left after that. It's a good movie^^
10,Chopin's "Winter Wind" was much more humane than the mechanical jazz performance.
10,A touching move that you haven't seen in a recent domestic movie!
9,a heartwarming movie
10,A cheerful and heartwarming movie until the end. I'm glad I saw it.Hah!
8,Where's Aragon?
10,It's too bad there aren't many theaters.It's worth watching the movie "Green Book Movie" that deserves the Academy Award for Best Picture~H
10,The best movie of 2019
10,A "black" white man meets a "white" black man
10,It was a movie that gave me a movie message like a movie after a long time and it was a heartwarming movie.My favorite movie. Pick!
10,Critics are sick.   god
9,a film that shows how foolish a man is who is prejudiced and unchangeable
10,It was so good Wonderful scenery and touching story!
9,It's a masterpiece. A must-see movie
8,I enjoyed watching it. The acting of both actors is also good.
10,A masterpiece that I haven't seen in a while! The chemistry of the actors is perfect
10,Praise the two actors for their performance. A movie that makes my heart warm and happy. I strongly recommend it!
9,It's a movie that I enjoyed so much that I didn't know how fast time went by. ^^
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,A real movie with a touching message!
10,I love the calm friendship between you two.I hope there will be many movies like this.
10,I want to watch a movie with everything
10,It's been a long time since the movie ended. It's a movie that lingers in a good mood It makes me smile
10,Why can't Chungmuro make a movie like this?
10,It's good. A strong afterglow is coming.I was thrilled at the last true story.
10,Extreme jobs 16 million!
10,It was a happy movie for two hours after a long time
10,The exchange and friendship between the two that gave the right direction to those who didn't know how
1,Not at all fun. Not at all fun at all.
10,There are many movies like this
10,Heart-warming. ♡ Make sure to watch it~~ I strongly recommend it
9,It's more touching because it's a true story.  Bigomotenson's performance was superb
10,A great movie... Touching...I'm going to watch it twice
10,Thank you for making a good movie
10,It's a journey to break prejudices
10,The imbalance that I thought was a harmony of imbalances is also a prejudice. A movie that made me feel deeply about how much prejudice I have in everything. It felt like I was traveling to the southern part of the U.S. while watching a movie. I strongly recommend it.
10,I really like it. It's so healing
10,Italy is famous for its racial discrimination. Is that your conscience?I can't think of a frog tadpole. I enjoy watching movies
10,Good...^^Lovely movie
10,I can't believe such a good movie has such a small number of course!
10,It is a pity that the number of visitors is small because there is not much promotion for the movie. an impressive film rare in recent years
10,It touches my heart a lot. My favorite movie
10,One of the few movies where the ending credits go up and you sit down and think for a while
10,I watched a movie that made me smile after a long time.
10,The movie that lingers a lot...
8,We are the same and different.
10,I'm glad I saw you in the theater. I'm going to keep it and take it out from time to time
10,I think it's one of the most touching movies
10,Too bad the screen was small. You should have increased the number of theaters
10,I don't know why they don't show such a moving movie.It was worth visiting far away.
10,It makes me feel betterHah!
10,My heart ached the whole time in the joy
10,March but by far the best movie of the year
10,It's a great movie. It makes me think about racism again
10,The movie itself was the best. To the point where it's one of my life movies.But the behind-the-scenes story outside the movie... What a good movie you have blackened.
10,This is real Woojung
10,My parents bought it and they liked it because it was a warm and fun movie
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you think deeply.
9,Who will be happy? The movie that gave the answer
10,It was one of the best movies of my life. I hope you watch it
10,I got a masterpiece that I haven't seen in a while
10,Thank you. Recommend.
9,■ A good heartwarming movie~ A friendship between a lonely genius and a happy ordinary person~ ■ Does Park Pong-ki eat? LOL
9,The music is good and the acting is good.
10,It's a movie that can't come out with Korean emotions I strongly recommend it
10,I want you to increase the number of movie theaters like this. Don't plaster Korean films all the time to time to time
10,It's fun. 1! This is the movie
10,It's calm but heavy and warm
10,It was a great movie. It warms my heart.
9,Make sure to watch it. Even now.It's a movie that I want to watch again.
10,It was the best. It made me think again
10,It was so good. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's a movie that I watched thankfully.
10,It was the movie of my life.
10,Playing the piano in the bar is so cool
10,Was America so racist in the 1960s? Don't cheat!It's an exaggerated movie. And this is a Christmas movie
10,I barely watched a late-night movie because I was pushed by Korean movies
10,Fun and warmth in the chemistry of two different Tony and Shirley! a movie that lingers a lot
10,The movie that makes you think about racism is interesting
10,I watched it twice. It became my favorite movie
10,The best. The only thing I can say is the best ^^
10,It's the best. It's so fun. I want to watch it more
10,A movie that many people want to see
10,Don't watch boring Korean movies (you know) but watch the Green Book
10,I'll have to watch it over and over again.
10,The best movie of my life.indescribable crap
10,It's a good movie. A movie that many people want to see.
10,This is the movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8,It's a great humanist movie.
10,the sadness of finding one's identity
8,Woollim and Inspirational Movies!
8,I can't believe you're making me watch this without getting bored
8,The reason why I'm a four-pronged person in the culture
10,You're the best. Shut up and watch
10,People are not everything they see. People have to experience it and talk to each other  That's the difference between animals.
10,Comic!! Not really but funny and quite funny. Not boring.
10,a heartwarming movie An emotional production that secretly urges reflective actions to eliminate discrimination.
10,A movie that the whole family should watch together! It allows you to look deep inside of a human being. About real friendship!
10,A movie to watch. Something to think about
10,Let's fill in 10 letters. Let's do 10 points
8,I think it's a movie with tears in the ending scene
10,It was such a touching movieI was totally immersed until the end of the movie^^♡♡
10,It was such a touching and enlightening movieIt would've been better if I saw it in a bigger theater with good sound
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently!
10,I think it's a heartwarming movie
8,It was a very neat and polished film.
10,A good movie came out...
10,This is a movie. Please increase the number of theaters
10,I strongly recommend this drama
10,Why am I tearing up in the last scene?
10,Fun. Fun to watch.
10,I guess I'm too used to Korean movie condiments to make racism so pretty without tears
10,a movie that makes you feel good after the movie is over
10,A movie that warms the heart in the cold winter
10,The best movie I'd never have seen if it wasn't for the Academy
10,A small but calm story that permeates your heart.  a salivating film
10,It's a movie I watched without any expectations. It's been a while since I saw my life
10,100 points is not a waste.The theater is too expensive
10,I want to recommend a touching movie with a few movie theaters and a bad running time
10,Let's give a round of applause for the production
10,I'm glad I watched the movie. What would you have done if you didn't see it?
10,We were aware of racism at the time periods. We didn't change even though we knew it was wrong. There is still discrimination here. I was moved by the change in the movie.
10,A really nice and satisfying movie.
10,Comfortable movie. It's fun
8,Almost all the echoes and euphoria that can be shown in such a cliche and intense theme.
10,Tears of emotion. I want to watch a lot of movies like this
10,I watched a great movie today
10,A movie that shows that you can know and feel more without telling us everything
10,A movie like a radio star. It's calm and fun^^
10,What a great movie!!!
10,It's a movie I want to show my child.
10,It's fun. It was an ending that made you smile
10,Good influence. Good friendship.It was better than I expected.
9,It's a calm movie. I liked it because it didn't have a big twist or force
10,The calm friendship between the two was so good. It was fun to talk about normal things. The childlike appearance of the two characters and good music were all great. It was a movie that was calm but it made me feel like I didn't have time to get bored I want to watch it again. I recommend it
10,It's a good movie. It gives you a lot of things to think about. The ending in the second half is also very good.
10,It's life beyond movies. brilliance
9,a film that shows the times well A movie that I want to show to people who are discriminated against in various ways in places that are still invisible.
10,I won't say anything else because it might be a spoiler. It's been a while since I've seen a movie that makes me think about many things. I can only say that it's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it. I strongly recommend it!
10,A film that taught equality naturally and pleasantly.  It's a really good movie
10,I watched it alone and my heart feels so warm.
10,I lost track of time and watched it
1,Racism and nigga are the things I hate the most.
10,A great film to win a prize for a work. I can't believe Shirley called Robert Kennedy when he was locked up in a police cell
10,It's such a good moviea movie that makes one think about prejudice and dignity
9,I want to eat KFC chicken
10,I watched it alone at the theater. I watched it again with my mom^^
10,It's a great movieIt's touching. A great movie is the best
10,I'm so touched.a good movie
10,It was a work that was filled with overwhelming emotion and lingering emotions. And I sincerely hope that it will not be the last movie to watch with her whom I love.
10,It feels like I enjoyed watching a movie that smells like a person in a person
10,It's a well-made music video that has a lot of implications and doesn't get boring for a minute!
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken. Is there a movie that makes it more attractive?
10,I felt the dignity of living by keeping my own beliefs...The movie that was so healing :)
9,A movie like Merry Christmas :)
10,I don't need to say that it's the best
8,Very nice. But I don't know about the award Haha
8,It was a movie where I could feel a lot of things.
10,A heartwarming road movie that made me realize the value of dignity!
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
8,Witty that catches you off guard despite prejudice and discrimination!
10,What is true courage? These efforts have led to change
8,This is the casting and directing of a movie
10,How could there be so few theaters even though we won the Academy Award for Best Picture?
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie worth 10 points. It was a really good movie. Bigotensen's acting was good.
10,I won't say much. It's my favorite movie
9,A movie I want as many people as possible to watch.
10,I was also a prejudiced man when the police stopped them again.
10,Feels like I got a movie as a gift. A masterpiece that will last forever
9,It's a fun movie that tells a story that doesn't have a great event and can be boring.
10,A movie that thinks about being different and being different
10,A film that makes you think about human dignity.
10,It's a must-see movie :)
10,It was nice to see that we were becoming more like each other
10,I saw you twice! You look so happy when you eat Kentucky Fried Chicken and when you play the piano in a black restaurant.
6,I'm just normal. Why is everyone complimenting me? Am I the only one who's cliche about overcoming racism?
8,It was a fun and informative movie. It was very good
10,I'm craving fried chicken
10,It was a masterpiece
10,It takes great courage to go on a tour to a place where black people are not welcome in the context of the times. Applause for his courage in contributing to the advancement of black human rights.
10,I recommend this kind of movie when you think you're too immersed in provocative movies. It lingers for a long time and it warms my heart. You'll be able to come out in a good mood when you come out after watching
10,I could understand why I got Oscar for the moving movie.
10,Our country should make a movie like this.
10,It's the best movie ever. I envy Hollywood
10,It feels like we've been on a great journey.☆
10,A movie that was calm and never boring. A movie that showed Nigro's sorrow to the fullest. How can black people discriminate against Asians with this kind of history?
10,I think it's going to be my favorite movieI'm going to watch it again
10,It wasn't provocative at all. It was so touching
10,This kind of movie is called a trick
10,It's a delightful softening. It makes me look back. Racism has remained a serious problem since the film's background era. That's the problem
10,It's a movie that you need to calm down
10,It's crazy. The two main actors were amazing
10,It's a very well-made movie.
10,A movie with dignity...
10,It's a movie that makes your heart warm
10,It became my favorite movie. I hope there will be many movies like this in our country in the future.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,A film that was calm but learned a lot. I want to keep it and watch it often.
10,I think I saw the best movie of the year.The Academy Award for Best Picture is the best It was a good movie. It was touching
10,Tony like fire and Shirley like water were so nice to see Please come out a lot of movies like this
10,Movies that I want to watch over and over again. The word "best movie" is not a waste
9,It was a fun movie where I could see the times. It was informative and I came to support their friendship throughout the movie.
10,A really well-organized movie. A luxurious but comfortable movie for everyone. Playing Chopin's Winter Wind in a Black Club... It was so witty. I will be selected as a movie that I will see often.
10,I happened to see it and it was fun
10,It was an excellent piece of work well-organized. The understatement was also very good. I felt like I was living in 62 years. Even the music we did together was a delight to my ears. I watched a movie that I liked after a long time.
10,Sad history... Sad prejudice...
8,It's good. It's fun.
9,I was touched by the honest acting of low-profile actors.
10,I hope more people watch it!
10,Until the day when black and white racism disappears and the earth becomes a green book! I hope there are a lot of movies like this.
10,It was a movie that made me emotional
10,A magical movie that tells a story that can be sad so refreshingly and brilliantly
10,It couldn't have been better.There's love and peace in peace
10,Touching smile! Bromance chemistry. Totally good
10,Sad eyes made me tear up like him.
10,A funny movie that seems to make Get Out Of Us gentle and pleasant
10,A funny movie that seems to make Get Out Of Us gentle and pleasant
10,It's the best movie without a flawless
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. I hope this kind of trick will be shown often.
10,Man grows through man.Prejudice and arrogance arise from the defense mechanisms that arise from wounds.Let's be honest and hold out our hands
10,It was fun
8,Heart-warming truth where 과 and 이 intersect!
10,I'm touched. I'm touched.
10,The acting of the two actors was the best!!! It's touching
10,I can see why he won the best picture award
10,Courage to fight prejudice. Feminism has no such thing
10,I met a movie that resonated deeply after a long time. 10 out of 10. We should watch this movie more.
10,It's so great! The beautiful friendship story was touching~~
10,We must realize that we are discriminating against humanity and racism without our knowledge.  Discrimination is what the weakest and most foolish do.
8,I loved the scene where we performed in Orange Bird.
10,The best. A masterpiece without superfluous.
10,A good movie that makes your personality nice
10,My heart was moved to see him overcome discrimination for his dream. The last scene was so touching that I could cry ^^
10,I watched a movie like a movie after a long time
10,It's so much fun Bigomotensen's acting is outstanding
9,A movie where you can enjoy music and the scenery of the southern United States as well as storytelling.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot while watching it without thinking
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie. The acting of the two actors was the best. I was sad that the movie ended.
10,It's amazing to think about what's right in a world where prejudice against people of color is still rampantThe movie I want to watch again
10,A movie that makes me feel good. This is all I can express
10,It was a really warm and cold movie.
10,Korean movies that try to make people cry and feel moved can't keep up with the touching and lingering emotions
10,I don't want to talk for a long time. It's been a while
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,It's one of my favorite movies.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. The piano melody was so beautiful
10,A heartbreaking trip... But that's not all
10,a neat and well-made film
9,a calm but non-boring
10,The film was painted plainly and well. So I watched the movie more fully.
10,I'm sure it's the best movie of 2019.
8,It's been a while since I felt good. It's a true story
10,Such a beautiful friendship. I envy you
10,My heart feels warm after watching it. It feels like we traveled together. It feels good to go back to the past
10,A driver and a hard-working employee.   Conflict and fighting.We'll be friends later.Reminds me of driving miss daisy.
10,It was such a nice and warm movie^^
10,unpleasantness without provocative scenes
10,The most complete movie I've seen recently
10,It's so funny and touching Make sure you watch it
10,It's a good movie enough.
10,It's such a good movie and it shows how hard it is to narrow down each other's understanding and positions
10,Will I be able to do that? I reflect on myself that I know it's right but I can't.
10,There's no need for wordsLOL It was the best movie.
10,Racism is really uncivilized.
8,Untouchable Black White Changed
9,The chemistry between the two is pleasant and the issue of racism makes me think a lot. It's just that I don't understand emotionally because it's about America.
10,I think 10 points is not enough. It's a movie that makes me think a lot. I think it's a good movie to watch two or three times. I don't understand that there are so few movie theaters like this.
8,Violence does not prevail. Only when you keep your dignity can you bring victory."
10,It's a healing movie.
10,No way! I'm going to watch it twice
10,It's a fun and touching movie
10,It was a healing movie You're the best!
8,The theme of paradox and contradiction was a neatly mixed movie.
10,It's really fun! I strongly recommend it! ^^
10,It was so nice The chemistry between the two actors was impressive
10,The best movie. The ending was heartwarming
8,A cute movie that creates friendship
10,Although there is no particular sadness or fun. Although it's not provocative. A movie that makes you happy enough.
8,It's worth watching the ensemble of two actors
10,A movie that I want more racist Koreans to watch. I really liked the calm storyline where anyone in the audience can immerse themselves without any inconvenient composition.
10,I was impressed with my wife laughing and laughing. I hope the Korean people will also turn to movies that are deeply moving.
10,a film of obvious subject matter but not obvious
10,It's a movie that's fun and touching
10,It was nice to warm up the uncomfortable topic throughout the running time
10,A common prejudice was violence and pain for someone. What if it's not someone? A movie that once again awakens the dangers of prejudice.
10,You can trust and watch Bigo Mortensen.An attractive actor who is really good at acting.Did you gain weight on purpose because of your role? All the actors' acting is great~ The movie itself is very good. It's a more satisfying work because it doesn't sound like Korean movies. I lost track of time and watched it. - Park Hong! - (Pun in Korean)
10,I've become a masterpiece of my life
10,It was the best. It's touching
10,It was perfect. It was perfect.
10,My favorite movie. It's really fun.
8,dfadfe adfgarghe adfargarghh
10,I hope a lot of people watch it
10,A really good movie. I hope this kind of movie will be popular.
10,The best movie of 2019!
10,The Academy Award for Best Performance in a Fun Movie that makes you curious about the next story from the beginning to the end. There's a reason
10,It's a heart-warming movie
8,Humor expressed in humanism
10,It's a heart-warming movie that makes you think about many things
10,The role of Tony was so attractive
10,It is a movie that shows the black-and-white conflict well through the situation. It was impressive. I strongly recommend it
10,I'm touched.  Please make Korean movies like this
10,a humane and heartwarming music film
10,It's a rare masterpiece that's more touching because it's not overreacting
10,It's a human drama where you can feel the joys and sorrows of black people
10,I watched a good movie after a long time!It's fun and there's something to feel
10,Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! Hollywood Academy!
10,It was a touching movie
8,It was fun. It was touching
8,A white man like a black man. a black man like a white man
10,the best heartwarming movie
10,It's a movie that makes you want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken with your hands
10,The road that everyone knows is meticulously polished to the rocks.
10,I showed my parents and they like it. They say it's fun and touching
10,A masterpiece that leaves a lingering impression in your heart
10,Calm and heavy emotions and fun...It's the best movie in recent years
10,a film with a gentle touch
10,It's a movie that will be filled with emotions~♡
8,A movie worth watching. I like the acting of the two main actors.
10,A movie that can be called a work of art
10,The movie was even better because it portrayed reality calmly without forcing anger.
10,I liked all the directing and actors' music
10,a movie that captures both fun and touching moments
10,It was an educational movie that was necessary to improve awareness of discrimination.
8,It was simple and funL
10,It's a movie that made me look back on myself with the pain of a lonely person and the really great people who can change themselves while watching them. I need to look back and see if there are people who are struggling because of my prejudice
8,a 1960s film showing black discrimination in the south of the United States
7,It's music that only you can do. That word warms my heart!  I cried a little bit♡
8,I think it will be remembered as a movie with a calm smile and a touching gift.
9,It's a very good movie♥
9,It deserves a prize. I think it will be remembered for a long time as a movie that gave me a lesson and a touching feeling after a long time.It would have been better if it had been released in time for the Christmas season Christmas.
10,It's a really good movie that lingers for a long time
10,We don't have many chances to meet like this in our lives. Make sure to watch it. You will be healed in a movie where a white man who lives like a black man meets a black man who lives like a white man on the recommendation of an acquaintance one day and goes on a long journey.
10,It's been a while since I enjoyed a fun and touching movie~~
9,It's been a while since I watched a calm and heartwarming movie
10,130 minutes passed in an instant because I was completely immersed in the acting of the two male lead actors. I recommend that you watch it no matter what. I strongly recommend it!
10,I could feel the lingering emotions after the great three-beat movie. I think I'll be into the OST for a while
10,It's a movie with a fresh composition. The story of black discrimination from a new perspective.
10,Oh! It's been a long time since I've seen a masterpiece
10,Thank you for your acting.
10,A movie where I couldn't stop smiling until the movie
10,I was so surprised when I watched it without thinking. I strongly recommend it.
10,The script and acting were great^
10,"A very well-made movie." A movie that I watched in a long time
10,It's been a while since I saw a healing movie. 10 points is not a waste. Thank you It makes my eyes and heart happy
8,the many-thinking problems of mankind
10,A heartwarming and warm movie!
8,The appearance of two people who are so different from each other opening and accepting each other has a charm that makes the audience feel good. It's better to look at it in time for the Christmas season.
9,Prejudice is the fatal thing that makes my eyes goofy. I need to break these to see the real thing
10,What a great movie!
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Prejudice comes from ourselves
10,a heartwarming long-remembered film
10,That's cool. I didn't expect much from this movie
10,a film that lingers in one's mind
9,The second Hidden Figures movie!!!
10,It was a great movie.
10,Pleasant warm film.Was able to laugh in mind the entire time. These people gathered to understand each other's hurt and pain and calls him live only will it be nice to go.
10,Am I the only one who thought of Seoul Mayor throughout the movie?
9,What a warm and beautiful drama!
10,It was the best. No words needed
10,I recommend the best movie
10,It's a movie if you draw a true story like this. Korean history is now boring and outdated. I don't want to see
10,It's a true story of true friendship and courage that fills each other's weaknesses
10,I ordered chicken right in the middle of the movie.
10,It's a very pleasant movie that leaves a deep impression.
10,Hearts meet and become friends
8,https://youtu.be/RMgdHxkh50M Watch it before you go to the movie theater
10,It's a good movie to get 10 points. Make sure you watch it
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,a calm and heartwarming film
10,What a great movie ^^
10,Nice and lovely movie!
10,This is how acting should be.A rare trick in which two men's brilliant performance blew two hours away!
9,It's fun... It's really fun...
10,My heart got warm after a long time.
10,It's the best movie ever~~
10,It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie
10,I strongly recommend it. I hope a lot of people watch it together. I didn't know that the calm and moving time went by. It's a really good movie that makes you think a lot about social prejudice and the weak.
8,It's a movie that makes you think a lot. It's been a while since I enjoyed it^^
10,This is a movie. This is a movie
10,A great movie. It makes me think a lot.
10,A movie that throws a calm big message is the best!
10,a fly in the face of meaningless discrimination
10,It's just a movie of my life. I don't have to show a lot of movies these days. I don't have anything to see because I'm monopolizing it
8,It was very touching
10,I am very sad.I became happy because I met a great movie
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot
10,a film full of things to think about
10,It's a moving movie.
10,It was really good a warm movie
10,It's a movie that makes you feel happy but also bitter
10,I watched a really calm and moving movie after a long time.The children in the second and fourth grade of elementary school are also thumbs up.
10,I felt so fortunate to have a friend named Tony next to Shirley.
10,I think Bigomotence's acting is the best
10,It's funny. It's touching. It's based on a true storyToo bad there aren't many theaters.
10,a moving film that doesn't have to be forced to cry
10,It was so much fun that it's our second time to watch it.
10,a humorous film about racism
7,A movie that was done by Vigo Mortenson
10,Make sure to watch a healing movie
9,the best music-oriented movie
10,I would have been disappointed if I didn't watch it.It was a beautiful movie full of emotion and fun.
9,a well-made work My heart is getting warm ^^
10,I was deeply moved
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie
10,It was a great movie that made me think about racism.
10,It was a good movie with a gentle touch.
10,I enjoyed it so much while solving the heavy contents lightly and easily.
10,Wow! This movie is so touching
10,A movie where friendship and family love are felt together
10,I think I expressed heavy things easilyI want many people to see it
10,It's touching and impressive
10,Pianist actor's expression was attractive and I think he deserves an Academy Award
10,The best movie. It's even fun.
10,I recommend this movie^^
10,I think this good movie is more widely knownThere are a lot of theaters...It's been a while since I've seen youThe detailed lines and movements that lead the drama are so warm and nice I strongly recommend it
10,Just watch it. It's not a waste of time I want to say it twice. Make sure you watch it
10,The author of the movie based on a true story is Bigo's son.
10,I'm so touched. I enjoyed it
10,I acknowledge the Academy Award for Best Picture. All the characters are lovely.
10,I love the ending and the flowing piano jazz
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters for this kind of movie.It's so much fun. It's touching! It's really my favorite movie!
10,I strongly recommend this movie. It's a really good movie
10,It's the best. It was touching and fun
10,It was a movie that made me feel everything I wanted to feel while watching the movie
10,I didn't expect much but it was so much fun. It's touching.
10,I want more people to watch it by increasing the number of movie theaters.It's such a good movie.
10,Chicken does not discriminate against racism
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie. I like it because it's not forced but it's calm
9,An exciting drama directed by Dumb and Dumber. No wonder my humor code was no joke.
10,Movies that you shouldn't miss. Movies that you should watch alone
10,keep up with the flow of the movie The real story at the end... Thank you for the good movie
10,It's such a touching movie
9,Melting differences and prejudices is probably empathy! A heart-warming movie
10,Good fantastic movie ^^^^
10,I won't use the word "jjanggae" anymore
10,Academy is getting more and more interesting.
10,Good. The friendship of men I miss
10,Shirley's eyes before changing clothes in the warehouse are so memorable that it's amazing how she can convey such complex emotions with just one look. Academy Award for Best Picture!
10,It's a shame that many people didn't see it
10,It was so much fun It was a charming movie with a lot of wit and emotion that deserved the Oscar for best picture♡♡♡
5,Don't feel the bigotry of black people in movies. Black people discriminate against us more than white people everywhere. The typical domestic male-female victim cosplay movie is even abominable.
10,The best movie! It's a must-see movie
10,an unreasonable stance His etiquette is necessary for me living in this era.
10,It was the best movie of my life. Kiss the kids
10,Racism is so...
10,Best Healing Road Movie of My Life / Best Christmas Movie
10,It's a shame that I missed the best actor award.
9,There are a lot of funny parts. And it is a movie that has a lot to learn.I think it's a movie that lingers longer than The Help and Untouchable.
10,A movie that looks like I's cancer...
10,It is one of the five best movies I have ever seen
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again
10,A movie that makes you think a lot
10,The ability to solve a heavy subject without being too heavy or too light. The reason why we can't help loving Hollywood.
8,It was a calm and warm movie^^ I know it's a true story!
10,It's a very touching and humane movie
10,I watched a movie that lingered for a long time.
9,It's worth watching. I recommend it!
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good road movie
10,I've never seen a black man look this good.His fashion sense is so good. How sad the eyes look.
10,It's the best... How long has it been since Forest Gump?
9,Mahershala Ali's outfit and elegance were enough.
9,A story in which people slowly and tightly blend into each other. It's heartwarming.
1,The rating is too high. About mid to late 8 points
10,It's a movie that made me rethink what relationships are between people and what friendship is. I recommend it!
8,I was more surprised by Vigo Mortenson's eating show than the real story
10,I feel so overwhelmed throughout the movie
10,It's touching and fun. You can see why we won the award. I recommend it to everyone
10,It's a masterpiece that I haven't seen in a while
10,Green book! I really enjoyed it.You're the best!
10,It was a good movie that amplifies the emotions of the movie with beautiful scenes and lines that get immersed in timeBut it was a little uncomfortable to see the biased view of white supremacy
10,Good movie. Sentiment that can't be felt in Korean movies
8,a story that is not too heavy
10,The best movie of the year! The movie that made me think a lot
10,It's more comical and family-like than I thought. I enjoyed it without any burden^^
10,That's so cool. It's calm but it's like a movie with a lot of meaning in it!
10,I think I saw a movie that is like a movie after a long time. It was great.
10,It's fun and meaning at the same time. It's a talent that makes you dance without effort. A movie that you'd regret if you hadn't seen.
10,It's fun and meaning at the same time. It's a talent that makes you dance without effort. A movie that you'd regret if you hadn't seen.
10,I found my favorite movie.
10,It wasn't a race story. It was a story of every human being who was surrounded by rampant prejudice and could not set up a woman. Am I not alone in a lonely throne? I'll think about it
9,Showing courage to break prejudices
10,The end of the best movie of 2018~2019.
10,Academy Awards Honors!
10,It's so touching when Dr. Shirley speaks her mind in the rainI felt that I felt that way. It's a movie that won't be a waste to watch again.
9,You're a great actor
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot in a calm mood
9,It was a good movie that would have been disappointing if I missed it.
10,Humor and touching. A movie that will remind you of something
10,A movie that touches the heart of joy!
10,It's a good movie that thinks about the meaning of happiness in life together
10,A movie that makes you think a lot. I hope this kind of movie will be shown in more theaters!
10,The best movie I've seen recently...
10,It's very touching~~
10,It was a work that lingered for a long time. Recommend.
10,Do we need any more words?
10,I watched it with my son who will soon become a middle school student. I think it will be remembered as a good movie for both children and me.
9,It's impressive to see you always smile after playing. A movie that would have been better in the winter!
10,It was really good... It makes you laugh and it's a really warm movie.
10,A valuable movie that selfish and personal modern people must watch
10,I can't eat it... Hmm? Honey taste
10,I want to be like Dolores
10,Make sure to watch it! It warms your heart
10,The movie is very interestingHaha
10,I hope many people watch the best movie
10,It leads the heavy subject humorously.
8,It reminded me of driving miss daisy.
10,Growing Up Movie and Laughter
10,It's a heart-warming movie. The life of communication is beautiful
10,a moving film It was great!
10,I think black acting was the best
10,It's calm and touching~~
10,It is a movie that I want to show students as an incumbent teacher. Everyone has a prejudice against people It was a movie that made me think and reflect on myself with that prejudice
10,A delightful film with the chemistry of Mahershala Ali and Vigo Mortensen
9,The actors' acting was also good in the movie with meaningful themes. It is a movie that I want to recommend by adding touching moments from time to time.
10,You deserve the Academy Award for Best Picture!
8,How should I express the feeling of watching a movie?
10,Say best and read it as Academy Award for Best Picture
1,A film that markets near-fictional recreates as true stories. It is an unpleasant touching story that is made into a movie and solved from the perspective of a white person throughout the movie even though the family of the real person opposed it.
10,It was calm and touching
10,The self-proclaimed critics who gave 6 and 7 points proved that they don't know English
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
8,Dignity wins everything.I respect anyone who doesn't let go of me
9,It's a movie that lingers a lot
8,I don't know if this is what humanity is it? A delightful friendship movie!
10,Academy Award for Best Picture Chuka ^^
10,I didn't even know such a movie was shown.  We're only promoting movies with murderous violence.
10,Why isn't there a theater in Daejeon? I came all the way to Seoul and watched it
10,It's really good. It's healing
10,So much fun. So much fun. Crying
10,It's a really good movie that gives you a lot of lessons
10,The biggest twist was to find out that the movie was based on a true story on ending credit while just watching it without prior knowledge.
10,The movie was so good that I laughed all the time and my heart went blank. It is a work that deserves the grand prize
8,The warmth of this movie that melts the cold
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year
10,I really enjoyed itGood. Good
10,A work that breaks the prejudice that human beings do not change.
6,A fairy tale of good adults.
10,Make sure to watch it. A beautiful movie that lingers for a long time
10,This year's movie! The movie that will make 2019 shine! Make sure to watch it!~I'm going to come back with a natural smile and overflowing emotion~ Strongly recommended 100~ ^^
10,I won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2019.
10,Congratulations to Mahershala Ali for Best Supporting Actor! Your acting was the best.
1,Fraudulent trash that makes a true story that doesn't exist
10,We're on a pilgrimage!
10,2019 Academy Award for Best Picture is Green Book
10,I was really immersed in it It was a shame that there were not many theaters and the duration was short... I think it's a good movie~ Congratulations on winning the Academy Award for Best Picture :) I'm so happy with the most meaningful♡♡♡
10,"Bet That" has become a reality
10,There are a lot of memorable scenes.It's been a while since I left the theater
8,It's pleasant and warm. It was impressive to see the two people with strong personalities being influenced by each other.
8,a heartwarming movie
9,[2019-1-20/13:5] I'm going to erase the color of race and get rid of narrow-minded prejudice
10,Please keep showing itIt's a movie that's touching and makes you happy
9,Where do I belong? Merry Christmas!
8,It was really touching when Shirley played classical music to her heart's content in a bar of color and smiled brighter than ever.
10,A touching good movie!!!
10,It was a comfortable movie. It made me feel good.
10,Look twice... I'm going to order fried food
10,A movie that makes you think you should break your prejudice and get out of your ideas
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie^^
10,a heartwarming storyIt was so touching at the end.
10,Movies that make you happy and warm. I hope you watch it
8,the preservation of dignity. Touching.
10,It's a movie that makes me angry and cry without realizing it. You must have seen it
9,It's a movie where two opposite characters are so attractive!
10,It must be a movie that makes you think of many things. There are many multicultural families in my country. I think it is a movie that we need to reflect on and deeply realize their views through this movie.
10,Satisfaction began when I erased my own prejudices
10,It's a small fun and touching movie.Recommend.
10,I recommend a very fun and good movie
8,It's nice to be calm.Recommend.
10,I happened to follow him and I was touched~~~♡♡♡
9,I think again that there will be things that have not changed in modern times.
10,It's really fun. It's fun. It's touching. It's a movie
10,A film that makes you think about prejudice and bigotry
10,a film that makes people think twice as humans
10,I really found my favorite movie! There's no need for words!Just watch it no matter what!
9,It's grandfather right after watching the movie.I ran to the chicken restaurant
9,The ugliness and warmth of man. A movie where you can feel frustration and hope
8,Italian uncle's growth horoscope
2,What's funny is that black or Hispanics are now racist towards Asians.
10,Please let's increase the number of theaters for a movie like this. How long has it been since I saw such a long film?The best heartwarming movie!
9,It was a happy 130 minutes! I recommend it!
10,I don't need a story like a movie. the touch of a true story
10,It was a good movie after a long timeIt was a warm movie that made me laugh and think a lot at the same time.
10,It's a pleasant movie! The characters are so attractive and they make you laugh and cry.
10,I have no regrets. It's the best.
10,Howly!
10,It's a good movie that heals you.
10,A movie that gave me a warm hug because I was tired of being like myself
10,a delightful exposition of prejudice
10,The best movie I've seen this year. I think the last scene was perfect. It's such a bummer that there aren't many theaters
10,It was a calm and moving movie!
8,It's a warm and heartwarming movie
10,I want to see you again!~~
8,A good movie where there is something in the world that coexists with various values and does not change in different ways (whether it's called friendship or trust or loyalty) talking calmly with music
9,I really enjoyed it. I recommend it
8,A good movie to watch alone makes me think about the importance of family
10,I got my first dollar. I got goosebumps when I played Chopin in front of the little piano at Birmingham Orange Bird
9,Even though I was looking forward to it was more than I expected! It wasn't heavy or light. I enjoyed it!
10,A movie with a smile built throughout the movie
8,a heartwarming movie Strongly recommend
9,A film that gently unravels racism. a simple description without stimulation I loved the way the protagonist got to understand and help Don Shirley
10,Perfect... A really good movie
10,Sophisticated directing and music! It's a movie that I want to watch again
10,Ah...! I can't believe I saw this kind of movie 45 days after its release.I regret that I didn't see myself regretting after watching it.
9,A movie that really lingers and makes me think a lot...!
10,A movie that everyone wants to see
10,Racism is bad I can't. I can't
10,It was a touching movie
10,The best movie I've seen this year is really fun
4,a feeling of not finishing one's meal
10,It's a luxury movie.I strongly recommend it
10,It was a good movie that made me think about what true dignity is and prejudice and discrimination
10,The movie of my life is touching and even interesting. A movie that makes you reflect on prejudice. I can't believe the main character was from Lord of the Rings!
10,I strongly recommend this movie
10,Prejudice is in everyone's hands.And the movie shows a friendship that goes beyond that.
8,Warming film changes begin from the moment one's mind changes
10,The composition was neat and the message was well communicated
10,A movie that makes you feel like you have a good friend
10,I ended up seeing it twice. Make sure to watch it. :)
10,The best movie I've seen recently
10,It wasn't that hard and it was a touching movie
10,Touching real story. Sad and sad
10,I was once again choked up by Uncle Ali's much-to-speak-but-not-speak performance
10,A movie that makes me think again that nothing should be judged by what it looks like. I want to see our children's school as a group.
10,Best Film Nominations of the Last Decade
10,It is a warm and touching movie that made you realize that love is a gift and a blessing to the brave!
10,It's the best. It was so touching
9,Good movie. I was thinking about extreme jobs and green books and it was a great choice!
7,It's easy to make it fun
10,The most immersive! Fun and touching? A movie with everything
10,I had a great time :) The lines and music were lovely...!
9,It's a family human drama where you can feel the calm emotions of the times and humor
10,The movie content and the theater environment were all very good
10,We cannot win with violence. You have to win with dignity
10,It's a movie that depicts the friendship between the two menIt feels like we're traveling to America and watching a concert together
10,Shirley's performance at the bar was by far the best movie I've seen in recent years  I strongly recommend it.
10,It's as if we're in the United States of America
10,Reflect on the third-rate Korean movies. They're so calm but they're so touching
10,A movie that everyone should watch at least once
10,I love it. I want to see it again
10,a warm friendship between status and race I'm touched. There was a time like this.
10,It's like I got a Christmas card delivered.How can my heart be so warm?
10,The movie was so good. The scene where Shirley suggested Tony as a road manager is the most memorable. Shirley's expression is... I hope more people can watch it
10,I should watch it one more time. It's the best.
10,I enjoyed it more than 1% of friendship.
10,It was a movie that pleasantly breaks down prejudices such as race and background of life
10,A witty and thoughtful movie
10,It was a good movie to watch.The atmosphere of the movie was so good and I remember Shirley's smile. It was a movie that made me excited. Like it!
10,I saw it twice.  I want to see it one more time.
10,It was so touching and fun crying
10,I hope you all watch it
10,One of the best movies of the year
8,A film that shows a heavy theme lightly.
10,It's a high quality humor movie.
10,I want to recommend this movie.
10,It's a movie that gives me a lot of things to think about
10,Kim Hye-ri is not qualified to be a movie critic
10,a long-lasting film
8,I can't believe the best movie of the year is coming out already
9,It's perfectly organic
10,It's a story of warm-hearted people that touches your heart.
10,It's been more than 2 hours. I'm sad that it's over. I just wanted it to continue
10,It's better than Korean movies that have been glorified in the past
10,I watched a heartwarming movie after a long time
10,I watched a movie that moved my heart after a long time.
8,It was good to see a good movie after a long time.It's a movie that keeps me thinking
10,Tears came out at the end. I didn't know
10,More than touching and touching. No one could leave the movie theater until the end credits were up.
10,The movie is just beautiful lol
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,I hope there's no bigotry in the world.I hope and thank you for allowing me to look back on myself
10,So touching and heartwarming movie ♡
10,It's so touching~ ^^ Time to reflect on racism and love again
10,I don't think I'll be able to watch a better movie than this this year
10,I'm touched. Race doesn't matter
10,In the last five years...It was the best movie I've ever seen.
10,I enjoyed watching it with my wife.
10,It became a movie of my life.Each character is alive and nice.A movie that captures both fun and touching moments.
10,Please don't watch this movie and bury the modern black people and the Floyd case.
10,It's a movie that tells you that the gap between Korean and Hollywood movies has already widened over 100 years! Shame on you!
8,Recommend a warm story with opposite characters!
10,The beautiful relationship between Tony and Dr. Shirley is so authentic that it leaves a lingering impression!
10,I strongly recommend it. It's impressive and funny
9,It's so much fun.Look at this Young Ho a lot.
8,It is a movie that gives a happy impression.Recommend.
10,2 hours and 20 minutes passed by.
10,a film that shows how much prejudice there is in the name of culture and customs
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot. I think humans are ridiculously contradictory
10,It was such a good movie.
10,a film that gives both pleasure and thought
10,The piano performance is also touching.
10,I happened to watch it without knowing the story and it was a movie that received a quiet echo. It's a bit bitter to know that racism represented by black people in those days still remains and that our country is no exception ^^;; I hope there will be an equal world just because I am human.
8,I was moved and angry
10,The movie is really good.It makes me think about prejudice
10,It was so much fun It was more than I expected It was nice because it was calm
10,It was a calm and relaxing movieMusic and acting are the best!
10,It's a good movie that showed the essence of difference and fairy tale!!!
10,It was really the best movie I've seen this year. It was fun and made me think a lot!!There should be a lot of movies like this. It's sad...
10,It is a very interesting and touching movie.
10,Vigo Mortenson's performance makes the film even brighter.
10,I've seen this movie I watched twiceThe directing is so good  The actors and actresses are so good at talking about what they needIt's a movie that even people who don't know how to watch it will enjoy
8,The content is a little obvious. But the process of unraveling the story was good.
10,Aragon's mukbang is so good
10,It was a fun movie without being bored with music!
10,It's a warm movie. Recommend.
10,Make sure you watch it. You should watch it Recommendation!
10,a film that touches the heart
10,It's so much fun. No skill. Four letters less
10,I think we should do a screen quota for a movie-like movie that guarantees the screening of such a movie
10,Thank you for watching this movie
10,A movie that makes you happy! It's a touching movie
10,Please increase the number of theaters! I'm so touched!
10,Best movie ever! Please increase the number of theaters!
10,It was the best. I'm glad I saw it.
10,The Impression of Change in Perception
10,All right. Make sure you watch it.Look twice.
10,Funny. Acting humor. Everything is perfect. It warmed my heart and I had time to reflect on myself
10,That's good. I'm touched
10,I think I watched a movie that made my heart warm after a long time.It's like a movie that gets wet all the time
8,It was time to reflect on my prejudice
10,Perfect. Salty and artistic. I can't help but like it.
10,It was touching and impressive
10,It's more touching that it's a true story
10,I'm touched. I hope the movie will be a hit
10,It's been a while since I saw a famous painting.
10,A movie that shows how people can help each other. A movie that makes people around me feel more grateful at the end of the movie.
10,Racism is an evil that needs to be eliminated.
10,I watched the movie recklessly because there was a good review on my neighbor's blog.I lost track of time and watched it.I was able to come out of the movie theater with a good time and things to think for the first time in a while.^^
10,That's what makes me happy todayThank you Seo~ ^^ Time to overcome arrogance and prejudice...Trust beyond friendship...
9,Ost is good. The actors are the best!
10,There was laughter and emotion. It was really great.
10,It's a good movie. It's very touching.
10,How can you make it so calm and not get bored for a second? I enjoyed watching it. It's a movie that's not provocative to watch with your parents.
10,A movie that makes you reflect on a valuable life
8,the best way to break down prejudice
10,The best movie I've ever seen.
10,It leaves a deep impression. The main character's expression and eyes are impressive.
10,I really lost track of time...
10,It was the best. Make sure to watch it.
10,Merry Christmas!
10,Anyone can wear a movie suit that is perfect for everything
10,a movie that makes you feel good on your own
10,an attractive character A simple story without msg. a vintage screen Pretty colors. Big fun. So much fun
10,I took a half day off and watched it. Sounds like it ^^
10,It's fun. And it's nice to see it calm
10,I really enjoyed it I was really impressed.
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time.  I watched it half-way through today's screening at my favorite theater. Shouldn't movies like this last longer in more theaters?
10,a calm and heartwarming movie
8,It's worth seeing
8,a film with no exaggeration and moderation
10,It's so cool. I want to see it again
10,One of the best movies.
10,It's the first time I'm giving you 10 points. It's a heartwarming addition to watching a really good movie!
10,It was good that the movie I expected after a long time because it was obvious turned my expectation upside down.
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,I think the four character idiom "Ta-San-Chiseok" would fit well
10,I love it. It's better to get out of the familiar plot
10,It's the best movie that leaves a touching and lingering impression.I recommend you to watch it.
9,There are many touching moments when courage and emotion overlap.  It's been a while since I've seen a warm movie.
10,A man of genius's ability acknowledged reality and made me reflect on the surprise of passing by smoothly.He was treated vulgarly but acknowledged. It was surprising
10,Racism... seems to have been severe in the pastIt was a touching movie
10,I caught both the fun and the message
8,It's been a while since it's been a while
10,A movie that makes you look back on yourself
10,There is no need for words. Make sure to watch it.
10,I can't believe I saw such a good moving movie at the beginning of the year! I'm sure it's good luck^^ Your friendship is wonderful.
10,It's an impressive movie.
10,Green book that we must all open to get rid of prejudice.
10,It's touching. I'm glad I saw it
10,It's a great and touching movie
10,I strongly recommend it It is sad that there are few movie theaters like this which is good to watch with family. It is touching The best movie of my favorite movie!
10,A perfect movie with everything
10,It was so much fun that it felt like 130 minutes was short
10,I enjoyed watching it calmly
8,It's both fun and touching
10,A movie full of colors. The story is good
10,It was a movie that I wanted to watch again and recommend to my acquaintancesIt's so touching
10,A great movie where you can grasp the milestones of life through racial conflicts and humanity that blooms in it!!!
10,All right. Don't watch it when you're not smoking.
8,May everyone be happy to be free from prejudice and other people's eyes!
9,It's a movie that touches your heart!More than I expected!
10,I was touched and it was fun
10,It's like my life movie. I really enjoyed it
10,It's a touching movieI'm jealous of your great friendship
10,It is too bad that there should be many movies like this.
10,It's so much fun. Don't discriminate
10,It was a movie with an obvious ending but not an obvious ending It was so touching
10,Make sure to watch it! It's a movie with both visual beauty and musicality
10,This is the movie!
10,I liked the humor code and the overall atmosphere of the movie was calm.
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,It's a movie that makes you look back on your life
10,I saw it on the day it was released and it reminded me of...It's a movie with three beats
10,I feel like I've been to a warm house away from the cold reality for a while.I strongly recommend it!
10,A good movie to watch with my parents.
10,I'm a bunch of prejudices. I enjoyed watching it
8,a heartwarming movie
10,It's a humorous and touching movie. It makes me think about the structure of American society
10,I enjoyed watching it Hah!
9,A movie that makes me realize again that the violence I have is ugly and everywhere
10,It was the most interesting movie I watched recently. It makes me feel happy
10,It was a touching movie
10,A movie that I want to recommend to everyone
10,It's a movie that makes you know.
10,A movie that's not provocative but lingers in the air
10,The best movie...A movie that lingers in my mind.
10,A movie that knocks on the door of my heart shyly and rarely goes out. May Mahershala Ali have the honor of Oscar
10,The movie with impressive message..It's more worth seeing because it's not boring to tell stories.
10,I applaud Shirley's courage to keep her dignity as a heartwarming movie person to be sad.
10,There has never been a movie like this before. Is this art or reality?
9,I love the harmony between the two
8,A film that melts the boundary between black and white and makes you smile. I'm glad I recommended it He let me leave the theater saying that's what he said. It is good because it was a true story and it was good to share the reviews with each other.
10,a natural film that is neither excessive nor unreasonable
10,Modern people around us also felt the best emotion by tasting stories that they could always relate to.Time to release a lot of beta-endorphins
9,It's like a zoo next to an art museumIt's so nice to spend time and understand each other little by little
10,I was able to focus throughout the whole time and it was a warm movie
9,Am I proud of the frame of a movie or a book that thinks about the meaning of the movie title?
8,It's a bit boring. I don't feel much about racism.
10,A movie with a delightful chemistry between two men that doesn't seem to fit at all. I'm not the only one who bought KFC chicken after watching the movie.
10,It broke my heart that nobility was the only weapon I could beat. Patting Don who would have kept his place like that
9,There's a calm and good movie that lingers
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot! It was great.
10,The whole nation needs to talk with such a deep movie.
10,The harmony of life... Touching...
10,What does whiskey mean for people who didn't belong anywhere? It's a good movie that makes me look back on my bare face that I haven't fixed until now.
10,It's fun. It was a heartwarming movie
10,I enjoyed watching it.
10,It's fun and touching
10,I think it's a good movie. It was fine.
10,A heart-warming movie! I want to go on a trip
10,Don't look at extreme jobs. Look at the Green Book
8,Don Shirley was so good at acting
10,We're going to start running again tomorrow. It's heart-warming
10,a film full of calm fun and emotion
8,It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression
10,Courage to protect the dignity! And hot friendship!
10,It was a touching and fun movie
10,Why aren't you looking...? Look at the green book
8,It was worth watching as much as it was hard to find a movie theater
10,Two friends growing up slowly for eight weeks
10,It's a movie that's full of touching! I hope I can make more movies like this
9,Happy Happy Happy 2 Mart!
10,I was touched by the story and the music
10,I'm sorry to hear you yell out Ali's identity in the rain.
10,Please increase the number of theaters It's fun
10,This is the best movie
10,How can you make such a good movie?
10,It's been a long time since I watched a movie that really filled my heartI can't express it in words. I can't get rid of course
10,a heartwarming movie
8,It's fun. I want to be friends with Tony
10,It's a movie that's totally my style. I like it^^
10,Movie of my life! I want to watch it again!
10,This year hasn't even passed by February...Best work of the year ♡
10,It was so much fun. Tony's character is so attractive
10,A movie that makes me feel emotional until the end! More people will watch it.
10,That's so nice!!!@!@!
10,I highly recommend it. It's humanistic.
8,Movie that wasn't even not heavy.
10,It's so warm...
8,A calm but fun movie
10,Laugh more than an extreme job
10,.A thousand hearings are not worth one seeing. yes
10,The best movie ever! It was a heart-warming movie It was an opportunity to think about our prejudices.
10,It's both fun and touching.
10,A must-see movie. Doesn't seem to be very popular. It doesn't sell a lot of healthy food
10,What a well-made movie.
10,When I felt a lot of emotion and fun in an unexpected movie... "I planted it^^"
10,It is an honor to see this movie in a movie theater.
10,It was the most touching movie I watched recently
10,A good piece. A story about Shirley and Tony that is human enough
10,Highly recommended for moving stories ^^
8,The movie that I recommended to my parents... You were very satisfied. It was great.
10,What a great movie! Recommend.
10,It takes courage to move a person's mind.
10,It is a very moving movie.the best work of any film one has been seen in recent years
8,It's been a while since I saw a good movie I strongly recommend it
7,be plain and plain Aragon's appearance is just amazing.
10,It was good to watch a good movie all the time
10,I'm touched. Black and white.Music beyond skin color and respect for human beings
10,I recommend it. It was a good movie
10,It's the best. There aren't many movie theaters with laughter and emotion. What a shame
10,Remark Mortensen and Mahershala Ali chemistry is the best movie that makes you laugh and realize
10,Make sure you watch it. No words needed
10,It was so good. It would have been better if we saw each other on Christmas.I should see you again next Christmas.
10,A movie that makes you look back! I strongly recommend it.
10,A movie that would be good for more people to watch~ I also looked back on whether I treated others with prejudice.
9,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,Anyone can't be good enough anywhere.So I'm going to fill it up more.
10,We could always choose. What choice I make becomes my life. Applause to Dr. Shirley
10,Another heart-warming movie
10,It's a movie that I want to keep in my heart for a long time.
10,I don't think I've ever felt this fresh in a movie I've seen recently. It's a really fun movie!
10,Witty and unexpected impressions from time to time
10,It's my favorite movie. It's fun
10,It takes courage to move a person's mind.
10,It's a bar rice cake-like story where you don't dare deceive the audience by rubbing your emotions
9,Prejudice and bad habits are always lurking around us. I think I should always think about who the weak are.
10,I really recommend it. Make sure to watch it. :)
10,I saw it twice in two days.It's a movie that's touching and fun.I strongly recommend it.
10,A movie that's not heavy but has a hot and deep echo
1,Did I expect too much?
7,My score is 7.
10,The quotes from the famous scenes were so memorable and the story was so touching
9,I'd say it's a trick.
9,admire the lead actor's performance!
7,Mahershala Ali. Elegant and sad performance by a long black actor. A guidebook for black people in the 1960s. The existence of the Green Book itself is shocking. Fresh and calm compared to the real and cruel black slave movies of the time. I want to go to Kentucky and try KFC.
10,It was the best thing that ever showed me what genius and humanity and true courage are Mary Green Book!
10,I dare say that it is the best movie for me It was so touching and humorous. I enjoyed watching it throughout the whole time I saw you two days ago and it's lingering! It's a movie that I want to watch two or three more times
8,It was a good movie to watch comfortably.
10,A warm movie that you can watch with your family
8,The movie tells us that the essence of the problem is not an event but an everyday life. The chemistry of the two characters with strong personalities and so different characters gave a fresh but deep lingering impression.
10,The green book poster is my profile picture ♡
10,I'm looking for a life movie that I can take it out
10,I'm glad that I watched the first movie of 2019
10,Don't expect anything thrilling or thrilling. It's enough to pay attention to one's life and the lives of these two pretty good friends. I recommend a movie that makes your heart beat again.
10,I'm glad I didn't miss this movie
10,It's not that serious. It's funny. :)
8,There is a deep impression. a black-and-white struggle
10,It is a beautiful and touching movie. It's been a long time since I've been able to clear my soul clear.
10,It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression. It's fun.
10,I enjoyed the touching and heartwarming movie
10,Please let me down and look at this Are there no restrictions on screen monopolies?
8,The process of becoming friends between two people who were at odds is solved with calm emotion.The actors' performances were also great.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Life is like a trip. It is a movie that realizes the true meaning of life from a short trip.
10,The first movie of my life in 2019! It's a lot more fun than a movie exclusive that doesn't have a real forced smile. Please increase the number of Green Book movie theaters
10,I really wanted to show my boyfriend who only likes stimulating movies that there is this fun and touching side by side :) I hope it will be shown for a longer time and many people will watch it
10,It's a movie that showed human love and human life!
10,It's been a while since I watched all the moviesI think the level of watching movies will be raised only if I get a poor extreme job and increase the number of movies like this.
10,Was there another fun drama that I watched with a smile recently?A movie you want to watch again
10,I enjoyed watching this movie with a calm smile. I really want to recommend it
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theatersI'm glad to see you
9,It was a good quiet movie for the first time in a whileBut it's a shame that the number of theaters are showing
9,I thought about the limitations of each person's perception that humans are using  How did they make the exclusive frame of thinking that I'm right and you're wrong?I reflect on what the limitations of my thoughts are
10,a film that touches the heart
10,A movie you should run to right now
10,It was a movie that made me reflect on myself.
10,It was such a good movie
10,A film that is more meaningful because it does not discuss dichotomous discrimination.
10,Those ugly backgrounds...It's a good movie
10,I don't need another word. a perfect film It's been a long time since I saw a movie that satisfies my mind as well as my five senses!
10,I love it. It's a happy movie
10,I can't believe it. There's still discriminationBut racism that used to be ridiculous.It's a very well-made movie!
10,Heartwarming movie ♡
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,a movie that leaves a deep in one's heart
10,My father will doubt it. It went well.
10,My father will doubt it. It went well.
10,My father will doubt it. It went well.
10,My father will doubt it. It went well.
10,Mom says it's three times more touching than MamoThank you for ending the Lunar New Year holiday with a warm movie
10,It's my life movie!The process of the other two believing in each other was so touching.The music was good and I laughed all the time
10,An impactful film that brings together Shirley's inner pain and Tony's wild but warm gaze
10,I just like it. I just like being an actor
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters. Make sure to watch it!
10,It would have been great if the piano music was perfect
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I want to trust Bigomotensen and watch it
9,It was as fun as I expected. It was nice and calm the whole time I watched it
10,The best... I hope a lot of people watch it!
10,A fun movie is possible without any stimulating material! Good movie~^^
10,He deserves to be nominated for an Academy Award.
9,I hope you can increase the number of theaters so that many people can watch it
10,Let's not just look at the surface. a moving film
8,Buddy movie is really fun for guys
10,It's a movie that's so fun and touching
10,It was a movie that beautifully depicts the joyous release of raceism and their friendship beyond.
10,I strongly recommend it. I'm touched
8,the whimsical change of roles between blacks and whites
10,a ten out of ten movie
10,A movie that you should think about at least watch
10,I'm having a wonderful time. ^-^
10,What is the most memorable movie that I watched during the Lunar New Year holiday? I think we're creating prejudice in it
10,I really enjoyed watching it
10,I highly recommend the movie that I really enjoyed it!
10,It was the best road movie.I strongly recommend it.
10,Times change. Someday...
10,It was a really good movie. It was a movie where I could think about not only racism but also prejudice in my mind about others and getting to know people. I'm so sorry that such a good movie couldn't be successful.
8,Good. It's touching. Good
10,Looking back on the age of racism
9,I saw you at Isu Station Art Nine. Good
10,It was fun. I strongly recommend it
10,It's a great movie
10,I think we solved the heavy subject of racism without being heavy or light
10,A movie that gives you healing
10,A movie that was both pleasant and touching. I think it was more touching because it was a true story. You'll never regret it!
8,It's warm and beautifulThat's what the green book meantI'm glad I made time
10,It's a movie that will remain in my heart for a long time.What is a person?
10,I was so sad that the movie was ending.
10,Great movie! Friendship Against Prejudice!
10,A movie that I want to recommend to my friends to watch on Instagram.It was touching...Highly recommended ^^
10,It's a touching story that' but not boring
10,It's a comfortable movie.  I enjoyed it^^
10,I call it the best movie of my favorite movie
10,It was a movie that taught a lesson in life and drew fun and emotion.I'm lucky to see a movie like this in my life. I really think we'll see each other again.
10,It's a must-see movie^^
10,A heartwarming movie. The world we live in is beautiful enough when we take a step toward others and try to understand them one more time
10,It was a movie that made me learn how to think in a lot^^♡
10,The bromance of two attractive characters! The movie that I wish I could have seen on Christmas was really fun. :)
10,The movie that made me think about how I would spend 2019
10,It was so touchingIt's nice to see the two characters traveling and getting close to each other
10,I hope you watch it
10,It's a warm movie I recommend it before the winter is over
10,It's so much fun. I recommend it
10,It's been a while. A piece of art came out!A real movie!Yo! The actor who played the pianist is also the best actor!...I was really into the movie!It's a good movie!The songs I'm going to sing are great!It's a masterpiece! I strongly recommend it!Make sure to watch it and indulge in elegant contemplation!
10,a fun and informative film
10,I want to recommend this movie
10,I'm so touched. I'm so happy to see such a great movie
10,There should be a lot of movies like this. A movie that makes my heart ache and warm. I want to watch it again.
10,It was calm and fun! Recommendation!
8,It was a pleasant trip Let's go eat KFC
10,I liked the piano performance because it looked so touching.I also recommend watching it with my family
10,A movie that you want to watch again and again. The movie made me smile and come out of the movie theater even though my heart was broken.
10,The change is courage!Movie that I want to recommend 영화
10,I really enjoyed watching it. a film that lingers heavily
9,It depicts discrimination but refers to different levels. The two people's hearts are narrowing the gap.
9,It was like a Christmas movie. It had a story and a message. It was nice.  Racism in the South of the United States in the 1960s reminds me of regional discrimination in the 1970s and 1980s
10,a lovely film It's great to see you with your family during the holidays
10,It'll be a big hit if it's released on Christmas.
10,I cried when Dr. Shirley was in front of the mirror
10,I don't need to say anything. The best...
10,Recommended for more people ^^
10,A collaboration of justice and friendship.My heart was warm for a while after watching the wonderful life happy ending
10,It is the most elegant movie I have seen recently.I strongly recommend it
10,be full of humanityI feel emotional.
10,It was a calm and very good movie. The music is so good! His emotional acting is good.I strongly recommend it.
10,Facing prejudice and countless discrimination within me
10,a film with a gentle echo
9,I saw it twice. It was fun
8,It's nice to start the new year with a good movie.
9,It was touching. Please increase the number of theatersIt was a heartwarming movie
10,Enchanting work. Trying to get away from bigotry will bring us all to a healthier life.
10,Let's start this year with a good movie!
10,A movie that lingers in your mind. Make sure to watch it
10,Why don't we have a theater for a masterpiece like this?
10,It was so much fun~~^^
10,It's a calm movie that can capture both fun. It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,Fear of prejudice that you don't even realize. It's not just about black discrimination. This kind of movie needs a lot of theater time
8,I like this kind of movie. It's so calm
10,You can't miss it from beginning to end! It's been a while since I had fun
10,How should I live my life?The movie that made me feel it
8,It's a movie that's very touching
8,A movie that makes you think that the two actors have good acting skills
7,Tony the talkative! Tony's lips!
10,A lingering film filled with Tony and Shirley breaking each other's prejudices and losses
10,The movie that started calmly is touching and heartwarming.
8,It's fun! Recommendation
10,I watched it without much expectation. It's a movie that makes me feel good after watching it. But it's more than thatThe main character is Argon the Lord of the Rings. He's so different. Watch it again I strongly recommend it
10,It's a holiday in the early morning.I enjoyed watching it. Are you worried? Make sure to watch it!/
9,Ah Aragon. I enjoyed the movie.
10,Touching. It's a movie that makes me look back
10,I'm so glad to see you A calm but deeply lingering film!
10,I highly recommend it. I hope you can increase the number of theaters
10,It's a movie worth watching. Too bad there aren't many theaters.
10,The movie that started with prejudice and made me know what prejudice is...a must-see movie
10,Shakespeare is back!
10,It's fun and touching. It's a great movie!There are so few theaters! Make sure to watch it!
10,It's so touching. Make sure to watch a movie
8,A movie that you can watch in a calm way
10,They say there's a controversy over the truth. Just watching a well-made music movie like this is healing.
10,Make sure to watch it! Tony Balleronga! The cutest character in the world. I really want to hug you I was craving country fried chicken!
10,Merry Christmas!^^
10,A movie I watched recently. That was the bestMake sure you watch it
10,I lost track of time and watched it I strongly recommend it! It's a fun movie that gives both a lesson and a laugh
10,Best movie. Isu Art9's selections always satisfy me.
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family this holiday
8,Do you really need to do a movie like this in a small theater?I think it'll be a big hit if we promote it a little bitYou're ignoring the Korean audience
10,I want to add it to my Christmas movie list. It's a warm movie
10,It was a warm movie that lingered a lot.I strongly recommend it! I hope you watch it
10,Please increase the number of theaters Big Mellu
10,It was twice as fun and touching
10,It's a good movie that gave me a chance to rethink race issues and human rights
9,I was able to learn about racism once again and laugh because of the chemistry between the two
10,It's a very calm move that's rare these days!
10,It's a movie I want to watch again.
10,A movie that is fun and deeply moving without knowing how time goes by.
10,The movie warms my heart after watching it and gives me hope and belief that the world is becoming a place to live.
10,A satisfying movie. It makes me happy.
10,10 points. I can't believe I got the rating
10,It was touching I hope there are more theaters
8,A good movie that flows naturally into your heart without any unnecessary or forced feelings
10,A really neat movie. You made it well.
10,What words are needed?A movie that shows that people can meet without prejudice and become friends.My heart is still pounding because of the deep emotion and the long lingering feeling.
10,I'm craving pizza and chicken
10,I saw it well. It's neat and clean
10,It was a heartwarming movie! It lingers for a long time.
10,It's so deplorable in the world where such a trashy third rate movie runs  The Green Book is a real movie! Make sure to watch it!
10,It's a movie that stays in my heart for a long time
9,The movie is calm and touching.
10,Green book. Unexpected movie. It was very meaningfulThe conversation in the rain is impressive!
10,The power of each line is amazing. It's a movie that makes me think about it again.
10,Not material to do so into it that I didn't even notice the time spring ...
10,Heartwarming movie..A deep lingering feeling.
10,Much better than the Sky Castle drama
8,I liked the neat and tidy movie
10,The movie with the best acting and story. I want to watch it again.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that filled my heart.Recommend.
9,It doesn't disappoint foreign films with a rating of over nine.  I was so into itIt's worth more than 9 points!
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently It's a shame that such a good movie doesn't have many theaters and time zones. I hope there will be a wide range of choices for other movies as well as Korean movies and box office hits.
10,I hope there will be a lot of movies like this that will make you think a lot.
10,It's really fun.It's different from commercial movies
10,It's calm and still lingers in my mind
8,A neat and pleasant road movie.
10,It was so good. It's been a while since I got a good movie
10,A heartwarming movie
10,Prejudice against black people and prejudice against white people.A film about an individual that cannot be defined by boundaries and territories.
10,It's a touching movie.
10,Please extend the screening period
10,It's a movie that resembles the movie "Untouchable".It wasn't as boring as I thought. It was really funIt was a movie that came to me with a gentle touch in the stimulating movies these days^^
10,Best aaaaaaacha the eonanner
10,It was so much fun. A life story?
10,It's a comfortable movie with a heartwarming and witty vibe
10,And movie cocktails and jazz that make you want to dance
10,A fun movie that you can watch lightly
10,I want to recommend this movie.
10,It's a movie about racism.I enjoyed watching it.There's a point of laughter.I recommend this movie!
10,I liked Chopin's winter breeze~~
10,I laughed and cried my heart out   The best movie!
10,It was such a heartwarming movie that I could feel the atmosphere of the audience in the theater getting better
10,You're the best. You look like Hidden Figures
10,Let's abandon two dogs. Prejudice and prejudice!
10,The prejudices we have show us both sides of people who endure and endure them.It's touching to see each other harmonize together at the end!
9,It was a warm movie with laughter and touching echoes
8,Educational fairy tale or fantasy feeling for adults. It’s not too bad.
10,I really enjoyed it It's my first time laughing out loud at a movie theater. There's a lesson and a heartwarming movie
8,It was much more pleasant than I expected!!!
10,It's a movie that lingers. Recommend.
10,Unspeakable joy?It's a movie with happiness. It's really the best
10,Put your socks on the TV and dry them. I eat well these days. I usually eat hamburgers. P.S. kiss the kids for me. I can feel the love dripping from every clunky word
10,I recognized that ballet is a good movie when I wash my feet with my hands and go to bed.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. The piano performance was so cool and touching
10,I watched a heartwarming movie after a long time. It's such a shame it's not shown in many places!
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that I thought of
10,I hope to make many movies like this
10,It was a really good movie a movie that has brought racism back to mind
9,I'm glad I saw it. Please watch it!
10,It was my favorite movie that I watched recently.
10,The movie that I reserved because the reviews were so good. I want to watch it again before I get off at the theater
10,Buddy movies like this are always touching. They mix well.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently!
10,It's a movie that made a great memory Strongly recommend
10,It's almost like a lifetime movie without exaggeration.
10,A movie that can feel the warmth of a person
10,It's sad that there aren't many theaters. It's fun
10,It's a well-made movie with a comic and serious story. I strongly recommended
9,A movie that would have been unfair if you didn't watch it. Green Book after Ichak and Gavanaugh. I am happy this winter
10,A healing movie that I haven't seen in a while. Their friendship is touching
10,Everyone needs courage
10,A great movie! Let's watch it!
10,It's so much fun. It's full of smiles all the whole time I watch it
10,I liked the message the movie had
10,I thought the wrist snap was unusual when I threw the chicken bone I really enjoyed watching it
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie.
9,a heartwarming movie
8,a film with a delightful twist
10,Thank you for helping me write a letterA movie that warms my heart by watching the change of two people.^
10,A film that makes you think about the universal values of the times and the courage to fight common sense
10,There's not a second to throw away
10,I went to see it with my family without much expectation and sent it to a proper movie.
10,A warm movie... This is a real movie...Please increase the number of theaters.From Hunterkiller to all the good movies
10,Very good movie!!!!
8,Recommend a movie that's not stimulating but resonating
10,It was good ^^ I'm going to talk about a good movie
10,He's so funny!
9,It's heartbreaking and warm. It's nice
10,It was good. My smile while I was watching
10,It's my first time seeing a movie twice
10,It was a wonderful work that proved that movies could give greater impression and afterglow than literature and art
10,light fun made of heavy materials
10,It's a movie I'm going to make time to watch
10,Fun and touching. The movie that I really liked
10,It's a really fun movieI highly recommend it!
8,The music and acting were all good. It's a bit boring in the beginning.
9,It was calmer than I thought and fun
10,It was the most interesting and meaningful movie I watched recently
10,It's a really good movie to watch!
8,Dignity... Keywords...
9,It will be remembered as a warm masterpiece that touched the heart after a long time.
10,It was a movie that I could think about for the first time in a while
10,It was so touchingI don't regret it
10,I strongly recommend movies for adults!
8,I showed it to my mom and she said it was fun
10,I watched it twice because it was the best
10,I hope many people watch it
10,The obvious ending... But the ending that I wanted to see
9,It's a movie that leaves a strong impression. It was really goodIt's such a shame that there aren't many theaters
10,That's how they became friends. a heartwarming movie
10,I thought it was a journey that was less than my partner's
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It was the best movie to meet good ideas and good music after a long time :)
9,It's a serious theme. It's a movie full of wit
10,It's tragic that it's reality and it's still heartbreaking. I think I should always reflect on what I reject from the vested interests I belong to now.
10,It's a must-see movie
10,It's so much fun. People who like "Untouchable" will like it
9,It's been a while since I watched a good road movie
10,a moving film with a lingering impression
10,The two actors' passionate performances are interesting and convincing
10,Heartwarming as if enjoying Christmas with the characters.
8,White people who were not like white people of the time and black people who were not like black people met.
10,A movie that lingers in my mind~~ I'm thinking about the movie scenes and lines in my daily life~
7,It's a movie that makes me feel warm
9,A lovely movie that leaves a warm impression in your heart
8,I want to give more points to humanity than to music
1,Does this make sense? What? 9.64 makes sense?
10,It's lingering... Dignity always prevails.
10,A movie that only I want to watch. I hope everyone will be moved to see it together.^^
10,I'm going to go watch it one more time.I strongly recommend it
10,The small humor that burst out laughing and the acting chemistry of the two actors were the best.
9,The movie that gave me both laughter and emotion...I support the endless acting challenges of Vigo Mortenson and Mahershala Ali!!
10,I didn't expect much but it was so touching The directing and the actors worked so well together I hope that this good movie will be shown in many theaters
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The chemistry between the two actors was good
10,We need to increase the number of theaters The best movie of my life
8,a touching but somewhat predictable story
6,I really enjoyed it. It's not a waste of money
10,The best movie in a long time...
10,It was nice to see a calm and warm movie^^ But there are too few theaters!It's a shame it's only two or three times a day in the smallest theater...
10,Their acting skills are just crazy.  Especially Mahershala Ali... It's just... Koreans would have said everything overseas if their acting skills were crazy.
10,Such a lovely movie. It shows the two people seeping through each other's prejudices on the road. It tells us that no one can be perfect and that everyone can set an example on the one hand. Dr. Shirley's fashion adds to the pleasure of seeing.
10,It was a great production where you were able to break down the prejudice that you had at the end of the movie It's been a while since I watched a really good movie
10,The acting and directing of the actors are the best
10,It's a movie that has a soft touch and echo
9,A warm movie that you can watch comfortably. It's a movie that naturally unravels
10,It's a movie that I want to recommend because it's rumored that the number of visitors is disappointing. It is a Wal-Made movie that conveys a heavy theme with fun and sincerity. Make sure to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,It is one of the best movies about racism. It's so touching
8,A heart-warming movie!
10,I enjoyed watching it. (Laughing)
10,The actors' acting was good and the process of understanding each other was touching
10,A movie that echoes quietly. The laughter and touching moments are just right
10,The best movie of all the time!I strongly recommend it!
10,I'm craving kfc chicken after watching the movie.
10,It was fun and warm the whole time.
9,Warm Christmas sentiments
8,It's very touching
10,It's even more touching to see it for the second time. I want to keep it.
10,A movie where you can enjoy touching contents and great piano performances! It's been a while since I watched a healing movie
10,It's so much fun. I recommend you to watch it
10,It's really fun and touching. It's good to watch with your family~~
9,A movie that makes me look back...
10,Good. I watched it with my family
10,That's cool... That's cool...That's cool...
10,A movie that you'd regret if you really missed it
10,It's a movie that makes me feel good.
10,The movie that I watched the most recently. I want to watch it again
9,Spielberg's DreamWorks movie is good because there are many heartwarming movies. It is a fun and meaningful music movie that deserves an Academy Award nomination
10,The movie is really good. It's so nice... It's so nice. I am glad that I saw this movie. I strongly recommend it. I can't express it.
10,It's the best I can't even describe. Make sure to watch it!
9,True story or not.It was so much fun.The acting of the two actors was also great.I hope it's a success.A movie that makes you think a lot
10,It didn't overflow. It was perfect.
10,KFC is the best! Green Book is the best^^
10,The best... Two words is enough
10,That's perfect. There's no theater for this kind of movie?
9,A true soul dedicated to all who have been discriminated against and buried in the ground.
10,I started to think more about my prejudices.
10,A movie that made me realize how many big and small prejudices I had. I once again feel that I have to stay awake.
10,The movie was warmer than I thought
10,A movie that's good for both of us to watch. Materials that can be heavy or boring are beautifully created with actors' acting and music. A movie that makes you think a lot but feels good.
8,Racial and female discrimination.I liked it because it seemed like it was captured well
10,The process of changing the relationship of the characters is delicate and beautiful
8,I still can't forget Shirley's angry lines on a rainy night on the road.
10,I love the acting of the two main actors
9,Wonder> Green Book Healing
10,I didn't expect much but it was a masterpiece
10,It's fun. The theme is a bit heavy
10,Thank you for making me happy = a great movie
10,Green book. Maybe we have a green book for someone in our hearts.I think again about how much I have avoided prejudice and discrimination that the world has created.
10,Best movie of all time. Unquestionable acting skills. an excellent color
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie. The dignity always prevail. . .
9,a movie that is pleasing to the eye and ears
8,It lingers a lot It warms my heart
10,It's the best movie in recent years.
10,It's so touching.It's so strange that there aren't many theaters
6,I think I watched a calm bromance movie after a long time.The story of the work and the actors are very good here.It's a movie that I want to watch again later. It's fun ♡
10,You must watch this movie. It's a movie that warms my heart and makes me look back on my prejudiced self
10,I had a lot of thoughts the whole time. It's sad and it's fun...It's a movie that will warm your heart in the cold winter.
10,Everyone's story that you don't know unless you experience it!
8,It showed a long eight-week trip to the South with a piano melody that was not loud enough. Friendship between a black boss and a white driver.
10,You---- a very interesting movie. I'd like to see more theaters.
10,It's a movie that makes me reflect on myself. I remember Shirley playing the last Chopin
9,A fun and warm movie after a long time
10,I didn't expect much but it became my favorite movie
7,A movie where you can see faith in people and warm eyes all the time
8,Are we free now? Will I be free? I'm not like that either. But you have to work hard...
8,A movie that was somehow worth watching. The theater is the worst
10,It's a masterpiece. Untouchable. It feels like it's compatible. The atmosphere is so nice.
10,It is a witty and realistic movie about human rights and racism against black people.
10,Academy Award-winning film
9,The movie that makes Merry Christmas the warmest
8,PC movies should be made like this
10,I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,It's the best. It's touching
9,Nice people. Nice movies.
10,I really enjoyed it. It's a decent movie
10,I love movies like this It was a heart-warming movie
10,The birth of a film that beats Shawshank's Escape
10,a heartwarming movie
9,I thought that a true story-based movie focused on the plot rather than directing to capture the story realistically. This movie was good because it seemed to take a lot into consideration in terms of directing.
10,The actors' acting is good and touching!
9,A movie like Merry Christmas
10,It's a must-see movie. Killing two birds with one stone
8,There was a surprise event today
10,I feel like I'm back to Christmas It's a warm movie from beginning to end
10,A movie with a light theme!
10,It's a movie that makes you smile the whole time you watch it
10,I strongly recommend that you watch it!
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that was my favorite. I was deeply moved by the changing appearance of the two main characters
10,I felt how much prejudice we had in our lives
10,It is a masterpiece that depicts the darkness of the era of racism well for people today with light laughter and emotion.
10,A different Buddy movie... The chemistry between the two main actors is the best!
10,It's fun. The pianist actor. I think I'll remember it for a long time
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
10,A movie that reveals the true face of white people at that time. It is a movie that made even the audience realize that they have a narrow view due to prejudice.
10,deserve an Academy Award
10,It's really fun. You won't regret it after you watch it.
10,A delightful film similar to Hidden Figures but with a completely different feel
10,I'm going to eat kfc right away.
10,I was so satisfied with this work
10,This is a movie.A movie that teaches you how to live a relationship.I recommend you to watch it.
10,Make sure to watch it. Keep smiling and feeling it
10,A movie that makes you smile
5,Clichés and predictable developments
10,I really enjoyed it. He's holding it and putting it back.It's touching.
10,It's the best movie ever. Make sure you watch it ♡♡???
10,What should I say? It was a great movieMake sure you watch it. It'll warm your heart
10,It's a movie with Aragon from the Middle Kingdom. Praise him
10,I am so happy that this is the first movie I saw this year. The best!
10,Strong confidence in your life is impressive
10,a warm and beautiful trick
8,Their friendship and successful black lives in those days
10,It's the best! Make sure to watch it!
8,It was a calm and humane movie It was more touching because it was a true story
10,It's my favorite movie
10,I enjoyed it! Hahaha
10,It's a movie that will be remembered as a masterpiece. The number of theaters is too small.
10,It's a movie that makes you think deeply about the word prejudice
10,It was a movie with a good balance and a gentle echo.
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a calm movie that makes you think a lot. Best on the list for the last six months.
8,I sympathized so much with Shirley's sadness and pain. Tony is so cold but...It's a lovely couple(?).
8,The movie itself is a green book
8,a successful solution to the racial problems of the time
10,A movie that's so warm and has so much to learn.I learned "dignity" from a black pianist and "truth" and "love" from a white driver.I can't believe this is real and real.
8,Laughing out loud while watching a movie. It's been a while. A movie that's not light and good to watch It is.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot. It is also recommended for elementary school children.
10,Best movie of the year!
10,It's a masterpiece. It's hard to understand why the reservation rate is so low
10,A must-see movie. Too bad it ended so quickly
10,It was the best in a while Hahaha
10,There are a lot of emotional scenes Tsundere characters are bboom bboom bboom
10,I want to see my girlfriend this ChristmasThe trap is that you don't have a girlfriend. Will it happen then?
10,It's a movie that will remember the two courage that Shirley showed for a long time. Courage to break the mold of the world and to break the mold of oneself.
10,It's a really fun movie Hahaha
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently.  I liked it better because I didn't appeal to my emotions on purposely I recommend it~^^
10,I can give you 10 points without hesitation
9,It was fun. The actors had good chemistry
10,I didn't expect much. I really enjoyed itThe main actor's acting was really good. I lost track of time
10,Tony is so attractive
10,I recommend it. It's very touching
10,I like movies like this It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,The one who couldn't reach out even though he was lonely. Touching moments
10,It's a movie that's touching and funny Strongly recommend
10,A must-see movie. Calm emotions and lingering emotions
10,It is good not to treat prejudice as a new school. the touch of a true story
10,The movie of my life...
10,I like this kind of movie...moving
10,It's a really good movie. I want to see it again
10,I was so impressed with my boyfriend that I showed my parents too!!! Dignity always prevails
10,The story was solid and the acting of the two actors was good.I was able to watch comfortably and impressively with my friends after a long time
10,You don't need to say that it's a perfect score!
10,It's such a fun and heart-warming movie.It really makes me feel better.I'm glad I saw you. ^^
10,I am grateful to be able to watch such a movie.
10,It's the best! It's the first movie of the year and it's so touching!
9,It's been a while since I saw him and I felt so happy
9,It's a movie that has a lot of fun
10,Good! It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's been a while since I've seen you comfortably.
10,It's a movie that makes you happy that you don't want the time to end^^
10,It's the best. Just watch it
10,It's a great drama where your heart reacts so passionately~^^
10,Best movie acting skills I've seen lately. Nothing missing from a message
8,A movie that makes me think a lot.
10,It is a heartwarming movie.The OST is great and the acting above the two actors is so great!!I recommend you watch it a lot!
10,It's a really touching movieI suggest you watch it for yourself
8,It melts my heart in the cold winter
10,It's a movie that makes you realize that it's me who can't take courage and reach out even if you're lonely.
10,I can't express my feelings with words. It was perfect. I want to see it again
10,Movies that I want to watch many times over time
10,This is a movie you have to watch 100 times.
10,a long-lasting movie
8,A movie that was easy to watch
8,It wasn't too much. That's why I liked it.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie.
9,This movie is awesome. Black brother is so cool
9,YONG HWA is so funny
10,It makes me feel good
10,Gay desperation and a nigga's thirst for unfulfilled realistic desires
10,It was such a touching movie^^
10,A movie that makes me realize how prejudiced I was.
10,I cried a little bit
10,It's a really good movie. Make sure to watch it.
8,The calm story touches my heart ^^
10,What kind of girl is Kim Hye Ri as a critic? 6 points for this kind of movie
10,I'm going to listen to Don Sherry's music
10,I was moved to tears. ^^
10,I haven't seen a really good movie in years. The stories and actors' acting that make you think about many things throughout the movie. And the piano performance was really pleasing to the ear. I feel like I went on a road trip with them.
10,a prejudiced person Prejudice that they also have. Our lives that we let it go and show it.  It can be said that the beginning of this year is perfect for the inseparable directing and acting skills.
10,No need to say more.Really.
8,Thank you for the movie that touched my heart and boredom
10,It's beautiful. Movies are the best
2,A moving movie that shows the results in a typical Hollywood way.The director's morality? It interferes with the sense of immersion
10,The people who watched it with me want to see it again
9,A road movie that will be memorable for a long time
9,an unpretentious healing film I feel like I got a warm Christmas present late.
10,Do you play the piano yourself? That's awesome
8,I can't believe racism was so severe in the 1960s.
8,Was there a movie that was this simple recently?
10,The music was good and I was jealous of their timeless friendship.
6,It was a warm atmosphere that the people who watched the movie sympathized with.I hope you watch it with those who share your heart^^
10,I'm so touched. Make sure to watch it!
10,White supremacy...I hope the world will come without it
10,A movie that makes you smile while you're out of the theater
10,A movie that makes me think a lot
8,That's a good story.It's worth watching
9,It's a thought-provoking movie.
10,Vigo Morteson!the growth of an adult man
10,It's a good thing you did in 2019Make sure to watch it
10,It's too bad that there aren't many theatersA movie that thinks about racism and prejudice
10,This is a movie and this is satire
10,It's heart-warming. The best acting
10,It's a good movie that naturally permeates and you can relate to^^
10,The most interesting and impressive movie I've seen recently.
10,The best! It's been a while since I've seen a warm movie
10,It is a movie that I will think of again whenever the cold winter comes. It warms my heart
8,The warmth of moments when different people match. Like Shirley's last tour.
10,It is a meaningful and lingering movie.
10,Don't be prejudiced.
10,(Based on the year of production) I think it's the 2018 movie of the year. It's a touching work with black soul following Hidden Figures and Moonlight.
10,It was good. I was moved by the change of the main character ^^
10,The best movie I've seen recently. I really liked the movie with this message because it was my taste. Vigo Mortensen's acting was really attractive.
10,I didn't know the time went by
10,A movie that everyone in the world wants to watch
10,It was such a good movie
10,I watched it twice.  Make sure to watch it!
10,Make sure to watch it. You have to listen to music at the theater!
10,The chemistry between the two actors is amazing. It's a well-made drama with calm emotions and laughter
10,It's a warm movie with a calm smile and emotion. I hope it goes viral and becomes a hit
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It was such a good movie that it was sad to end
10,The best movie of my life that wasn't boring for 5 minutes
10,Witty to capture a heavy topic
9,Shocked to learn the meaning of Green Book.
10,It makes my heart ache.
10,I really enjoyed it Recommend.
10,I am deeply moved to have the luck to see this movie in the theater
10,I can't forget the performance Dr. Shirley played at the bar.
10,A director who's very good at speed control. Emotions fluttered the whole time I watched
10,1. Realizing that Lincoln is such a great president. 2. Italian tastes... 3. The black and white irony and the harmony of adapting and learning were good. 4. Watching the performance at the black bar made me cry.
10,It showed a very moving human story.
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression on the inside after watching it.
10,deserve to be someone's life movie
10,Elegant movie! The two actors' performances and the scenery of the southern part of the United States are the best.The South was like this when Kennedy was president?!
10,Feels like a wonderful trip along a flowing river and green grass ^^ A movie that makes you feel so good. I strongly recommend it. ^^
10,It's the best movie ever It's a movie that I want to show to my child
10,The best movie in the past year
10,Thank you. I'm so happy about this moving movieI strongly recommend it
10,I can't forget his deep eyes and his piano performance
10,It's a really good movie that I want to recommend.
10,I was touched after a long time after watching a movie.
10,I think it's a much better movie than clumsy action or cliche
9,I really enjoyed it! I hope we can increase the number of theaters
9,I was glad that you didn't try to impress meIt's a movie that makes you smile
10,It's a life movie without regrets.
10,The movie reminded me of "Zooming Parrot Killing" even though I wanted to give a message while lightly solving a heavy topic
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot. It lingers a lot
10,Make sure to watch it. It's really good.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's really good.
10,I watched it with a total of seven people at the Daehan Theater. The impression of the movie remains even after filling up the entire exhibition. I recommend it. Make sure to watch it.
10,I have never seen such a precious movie recently.      I really recommend it.  I don't regret it~~~~****
10,It's calm but also touching. It's all about loyalty.  I laughed out loud with my friend because he was humorous Hahaha
10,It was a good movie after a long time
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,The two actors were so lovely that I couldn't stop smiling until the end of the movie.
10,You just have to trust and see...
8,It's been a while since the movie warmed my heart. The acting of the two actors is also great
10,There has never been a movie that lingers this much in my life
10,I only got this in January
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I hope you learned how to tell a story like this way. A movie like a textbook that I want to learn from Korean movies. I think there is a good movie after it is over.
10,The first movie of the year in 2019. Successful.
8,A good movie with lots of suggestions! I recommend it. :)
10,This movie is a masterpiece.
10,The movie is a touching yet fresh story and good music. It was really good.
10,There's no need for words.Look.
10,It was touching and nice
9,a film that resonates strongly against discrimination
10,A movie that tells you when to think about racism and think about solutions
10,It was such a good movie that gave a calm impression without the provocative plot or fancy visual beauty!
10,I think it's a well-made movie that was really healing and expressed uncomfortable feelings about race in a touching and fun way It's not a part of my job. I really don't have no regrets
8,It's good that it's not childish and it's a good movie to enjoy calmly
10,Best movie I've ever seen in my fifties!Make sure to watch it! ^^
10,Chopin from the orange bird!
8,I enjoyed watching the movie with my two sons who were 16 and 11 years old
10,100 out of 100. An exciting and sophisticated production that is not stimulating but also seen throughout. A heartwarming movie is the best! I strongly recommend it.
9,It's a warm movie that makes you think.
10,It's the best. It's been a while since I've seen this movie.I want to write a letter to my wife
10,My husband said it was fun. I had fun too. ^^
10,The best movie I've seen recently.
10,It was a movie that made me want to watch it again.
9,It lingers a lot I enjoyed watching it! I recommend it
10,I don't need words ^^..
10,I really recommend it! Make sure you watch it
10,It was a fairy tale-like movie.It's very warm. Thank you.
10,This is a movie! Unbelievable
10,I want to see it twice. The OST is also the best
9,I'm glad I watched it
10,It's a movie that captures both laughter and emotion.It's not an exaggeration to say that it's my favorite movie.I hope it goes viral and many people see it.
9,It's a real movie that captures both fun and touching moments. It still lingers in my heart
10,His music and acting are great
10,It's a masterpiece. It's worth my GPA
10,It is a great movie that experienced a long and overwhelming after a long time.
9,Differences do not interfere with human connectivity at all.
10,Make sure you watch it. It's a masterpiece.
8,A calm but thought-provoking movie
10,There's no need for words. Look... It's much better than Korean sloppy movies.
10,It's so much fun. It was the most fun movie I've seen recently
10,It's the best piece ever!!! Bigomotensen is respectfully good at acting
10,Playing the piano makes my heart race
10,The Story of a Beautiful Person
10,The best movie that started this year!
10,E-Mart should do a collaboration promotion with this movie.
10,Watch the must-see movie twice
10,I watched a good movie after a long time^^
10,I really enjoyed it There's a bit of laughter in between and it reminds me of racism again and I think it's a great movie. Movie recommendation that you really want to watch!!!
10,I saw it today and it was so good. I'm glad I saw it. It's a true story. It's so much fun and I like it Make sure to watch it haha ^^ Make it big^^♥♥
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie without frowning.
10,That's a story that touches my heart.The acting is good and the music is good.
8,It's a good movie. I recommend it
10,Make sure to watch it. Put away the screen-exclusive trash movies and post a lot of this.
10,It was fun. I recommend it
10,It's been a while since I've seen a really good movie.
8,It's a heart-warming movie
10,I pay my respects to Don Shirley for his beautiful battle with dignity. The harmony between music and scenery is also a big part of the emotion.
10,A movie that makes you feel good
10,The movie that left a deep impression...
10,I just saw it and I can't help but give you this rating
9,It's a movie that expresses the inner emotions of race prejudice in a calm and touching way. The deepening friendship between the two male characters who are so different from each other was very beautiful
10,It was a full but not burdensome enough movie.
10,I saw Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon in the movie.
10,A moving movie. A movie that lingers in my mind
10,We need to increase the number of theaters. Malmoi's exclusive trash. It's a Korean movie
10,Fun and touching. It's the best movie ever.
10,It's a must-see movie
10,A movie that has never been boring.
10,I really enjoyed it^^
10,A movie that makes me look back on what prejudice I had today
10,a film that still lingers in one's mind
10,I think it's a good thing that I saw this movie when I slapped La La Land
10,I didn't expect it. Good
10,It's a true story movie with both touching and humor
8,The answer to their mistakes can be found in them.
10,Don Shirley and Tony Balleronga heal each other in a healing road movie
10,It makes us think that we are living through such prejudice and discrimination. A simple but touching movie
10,Watch it! It's a good movie
10,It's been a while since I last saw this movie
10,calm and beautiful It's a heartwarming movie.
10,It's so touching that it's the movie of the yearWhy aren't there any theaters?That's too bad. We should increase the number of movie theaters like this.Ugh.
10,I applaud Dr. Shirley for her courage
10,A movie that you want to show your precious people!
10,The movie is really good. It's touching
10,A movie that reminds me of human prejudice and bigotry. A movie that was grateful for the existence of a small theater that allowed me to enjoy at least a film option.
10,That's how you eat pizza
10,A really touching and sad movie on the one hand.It's sad that racism still lingers throughout America
10,It lingers so much that I want to see it again
8,It's much better than I expected!
10,a gentle echo
10,A good movie to watch twice...
8,It's just like a drama. See...
10,It was the best work.You've been so into the acting of the two actors that you can't even feel the tears flowing.
10,It's an interesting movie as it was evaluated. Actors are well-proven actors and their stories and music are good
10,It's a movie that's not too much humor and warms your heart
10,A touching true story that brightens up 2019! I hope a lot of people will be with you.
10,It's a million times better than obvious new wave forced movies like Malmoi and Swing Kids. It's a movie that lingers after watching it.
8,I wish this kind of movie had a big audience
10,I want to see it again. That was a good choice. It's just a shame that there aren't many screenings
10,A movie that I want to watch more than twice
10,It's so touching.
10,I got emotional while watching it. I hope you all watch it a lot and never have that discrimination.
10,It's fun and touching. There's nothing to leave out. A good movie for the first time in a while.
8,It's not often a movie that allows us to look back on our lives
10,A well-made movie. A smile came out of the performance scene in the orange bird
10,A movie that makes you want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken!
9,The actors' performances were very good
10,The most pleasant movie I've seen recently
10,I strongly recommend it. It's calm and touching. Too bad there aren't many theaters. I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,Please show us a movie like this
9,It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,Make sure to watch it sincerely!
10,It's a fun and honest friendship drama with social prejudice and very different tendencies
10,A movie that makes my heart warm and cozy.
10,be crowned as a movie of life I'll watch it one more time
10,A moving film. A wake-up call to Korean racial prejudice
10,It's a great movie
10,You must watch it
10,It's a movie where I still remember the lines from fighting in the rain and getting back in the car. Make sure to watch it
10,It's a sad and touching movie. Your acting is so good!
10,Bigotensen is a great actor
10,It's fun! Make sure to watch it!
8,I really like Farrelly's movies.It was a movie that made me laugh and feel sad
10,The loneliness that doesn't belong anywhere
10,I was hoping that the movie wouldn't end
10,It was good to melt the black problem naturally in the movie
10,A movie that left a calm and deep impression after a long time
10,The real fried chicken is KFC. Good music and friendship over prejudice is fun. I watched it with my kid and he enjoyed it.
10,It's a movie where we understand and learn from each other. I was impressed!
9,It was a calm movie that touched my heart!
10,Facing our Pride and Prejudice
10,I enjoyed watching it^^
10,Dignity wins! Courage changes!
10,It's so good that I can't help but write a review
10,You did a great job! It makes me think a lot
10,It's fun. It's a movie that leaves a lingering impressionably
10,It was heartwarming to deal with the heavy theme of racism calmly.
10,a film that touches the heart
10,You should definitely watch it For sure
10,You should definitely watch it For sure
10,I recommend it to those who were happy after watching "Untouchable". I'm touched by the beautiful friendship that crosses black and white.
10,It was a calm and heartwarming movie Recommend.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie
8,It's a good movie. Farrelly's directing is also good to keep the audience focused without unreasonable episodes.
9,That's neat. I wish I had seen you during the Christmas season
10,I really enjoyed watching it
10,This kind of movie has to be a hit.
10,I was happy the whole time.
10,I really enjoyed watching it I recommend it
10,I don't understand why this kind of movie is outside the top 10.It's a beautiful and exciting movie. I strongly recommend it
10,It was really fun and it's a movie that teaches a lesson. I recommend it. :)
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot
10,It's a moving movie.
8,It was so touching and nice. I couldn't stop laughing and it was beautiful
10,It's totally awesome. I'm so touched.
10,The time I was able to look back on myself
8,The colors are pretty and the people are pretty. It's fun ^^
8,It's a heart-warming movie
10,a touching film about racism in modern American history
10,a sad story told in a calm manner
10,I got goosebumps when I watched it. It was a movie that lingered in a long time
10,I was sad because I was laughing and watched it I hope human rights of people of color will be more equal
10,It's so calm and still that it leaves a deep impression
10,That's cool. That was a good job
10,The true friendship that we had while we were bickering and getting to know each other. A movie that's more touching because it's a true story.
10,It's a fun movie with a ringing sound. I strongly recommend it.
10,It will be one of the best movies of my life.
10,It's the most impressive and funny movie I've seen recently. It's a very humane movie with a natural racist content
4,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
8,It's easy to like
10,Mahershala is a good actor who makes you think a lot just by looking at her face in a given situation
10,It was a movie that didn't need words
10,The sad eyes behind Don Shirley's smile remain in my mind. It's a good movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,Manners make people
10,Manners make people
10,It's so much fun! My prejudice against real black people has changed!
10,A movie that won with a deep humanity without provocative scenes of violence. I strongly recommend it
10,It's like a different version of "Untouchable." It was a very impressive and warm movie.
10,That's the best. This is a movie. No words needed
10,It's a good movie to watch when you need healing and are tired of people
10,It's a pity that such a good movie has few visitors
9,a film featuring the chemistry between the two main characters Meaningful echoes based on true stories. The process of being attracted to each other.
10,That was an unforgettable line and acting
10,I really enjoyed watching it.  I think we need to increase the number of movie theaters. The story is so good and I'm gradually moved from beginning to end. It was the best movie ever! so that more people can see it.
10,It was a movie that touched me with true friendship and unbiased perspective.
9,Will the discrimination always end? I hate it.I recommend movies
10,It's the best movie ever. I watched it alone and with my mother.
9,A movie with a pleasant and deep message. I want to recommend it to everyone around me
10,Why aren't you watching? It's been a long time since I had a lot of thoughts and left a deep impression on me
10,First movie of my life in 2019...
10,It's a movie that's fun and makes you think
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently. It's a good movie. I would like to replace my review by telling you to go and see it in person rather than writing comments in a flurry.
10,Movies that will remain in your life. Movies that you want to let precious people know
10,The story of someone in the past who is still connected. I enjoyed it very much. :)
10,How lovely!
10,It's a moving movie
10,Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
10,Please look... Please increase the number of theaters
10,I hope you watch a movie with a calm and moving feeling.The witty and warm lines and stories make you laugh and move throughout the whole time.
10,The reason why I can say that my hobby is movies. I think I'll watch the green book every Christmas.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie about cold discrimination in the warmest way. Thank you
10,Then it is sad that the movie disappears quietly because there is no theater. The movie that moved me and made me think about it
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's a movie that gives you a lot of thoughts and impressions
10,Don't judge a book by its cover. It's so much fun
10,Prejudice comes from bigotry.
10,I recommend a movie with good flow
9,solve with humor and wit without seriousness Remark Mortenson's pizza scene is hilarious. I cheer for this beautiful movie in my heart.
10,It was so touching!  I was so immersed that I didn't know how two hours went by. I want to recommend it to people around me. It was time to think about racism again.
8,The ensemble of the two who lived completely different lives
10,It would have been better if there were more theaters. Perfect movie
10,Save their parrot. A movie worth 10 points.
10,I recommend it to everyone who is ignored and discriminated against due to different messages of deep emotion that pass through time to us in this era.  It's been a really long time since I saw all the movies. ^^
10,I really enjoyed it It's a movie that makes you feel something
10,It's calm and heart-warming. It's a great movie!
10,A movie with a lot of details. I highly recommend it!
9,A true friendship story between a prejudiced person and a prejudiced person due to prejudice. It is both heavy and neat.
10,It's a very strongly recommended winter night
10,Remark: Mortensen's acting is the best! The movie has good music and leaves a lot of lingering feelings. I want to see you again.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that was more fun and touching than I expected
10,The way we eat canker fried chicken in our hands is like eating popcorn at a movie theater. It makes us laugh because we're smiling. It snows heavily. It doesn't have to rain but it's still sunny. It gives us a sense of sadness and healing
10,The person who plays the cello looks like Mayor Park Won-soon
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.It was warm and pleasant.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.It was warm and pleasant.
10,It's a moving movie. It's been a while since I saw a moving movie
10,It's warm. But it's not light. What's the point of saying?
10,A movie that makes me feel good
10,I really really enjoyed it. It lingers in my mind and makes me look back on it.
10,It's my first time leaving a movie review It's my favorite movie. It's touching. I like the piano in between. It lingers in my mindI learned a lot
8,It wasn't a bad movie. It may be different from the real thing because it is based on a book written from the perspective of floating.
9,A movie that tells you what Dignity is and why it's necessary and important to have it
6,I enjoyed it. It's a movie that leads the story with the main character's charm
10,I watched it comfortably and I was touched.
10,Good. Good. Good. Good
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun. Just watch it
10,It's another touching moment after "Untouchable"
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that was not a box office hit
10,I really enjoyed it It's very touching.
10,Make sure to watch it! Top
10,I want to watch this movie again. Eating chicken and beer
10,A movie that smells like a cool and cool person! The role of a husband!    The role of a wife!There's a lot of fun and feelingsMake sure to watch it!
10,The story of overcoming discrimination and differences and understanding and acknowledging each other is very impressive. I would like to express my admiration for a moving work that awakens humanity's universal human rights consciousness beyond racial conflict.
10,I didn't know I was treated so discriminated against.It was a good movie. I pay tribute to the first person to make the Green Book.
10,A light touch and a beaming humor everywhere. A lovely movie that lingers for a long time. (KFC GOGOGO)
10,This is the first movie I strongly recommend after Daniel Bleik.
10,It was very touching It was an opportunity to pay tribute to the courage of an equal world and to think deeply about human dignityI strongly recommend it
10,A movie that asks questions to the audience by revealing prejudices and hypocrisy hidden in ordinary people~ We look back on how deeply minority and racial prejudice are rooted in our daily lives.  The main actors' acting and playing the piano in the drama are also very enjoyable
10,It's a touching story like a movie
9,It's a heartwarming movie with a calm story
10,I enjoyed watching it with my friend. The chemistry between the two characters is good.
10,It was a movie where you can feel strong friendship regardless of race~~♡♡
10,You should watch it It's a good movie
8,Heartwarming and warm movie ^^
10,It was a time to reflect on the prejudice that I had without knowing. It's a warm movie.
6,True story + past racism is good but boring A lot...
10,It's a movie that I watched with a lot of worries because I was seduced by my son who was not interested in being a child of UntouchableWhat an attractive movie.Everything was good?^^
10,I watched it early in the morning. It's so much fun. Two great actors
10,I'm leaving a comment for the first time to give him 10 points
9,I hope everyone is happy without discrimination.
10,It is a very interesting movie I want to watch it again if I have a chanceI enjoyed it^^
10,It's heartwarming. I enjoyed watching it
10,Was there someone standing behind the pawnbrokers at Christmas and a gun behind their waist? Is it just a bluff?It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece.
10,It is expected story but it is not boring and warm movie after watching it
10,It was the best black-and-white movie since Driving Miss Daisy. Make sure to watch it!
10,Between hate and friendship...a colourful film
10,It's so touching that I can't express it in words
10,The two characters were immersed in their roles.
10,It's the best for both listening and enlightening! ^^ I want to see you again at least once~
10,It was a moving movie from beginning to end. It was a good movie that made me feel sick and laugh with the actors.
10,I thought that 2 hours of the movie that I really enjoyed was not a waste
10,A movie that shows the importance of a world without discrimination and prejudice
10,It was so good!Everything about the movie!
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. There is still a lingering feeling of emotion.
10,a film that lingers in one's mindI want to watch it again. The first movie that makes me leave a comment
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun
10,It's a must-see movie again The movie of my life!
8,This must be why you need a friend.
10,I really want to see you again Make sure to watch it if you haven't
10,I'm nervous the whole time I'I hope nothing happens. I strongly recommend it
10,I found the best movie in a long time
10,This is a healing movie. It's a total Goddam to see a movie like this in January!Make sure to watch it.
10,It's pretty funLOL It's a good movie that doesn't force the emotion out of it's a good movie
10,I got hurt after watching PMC Bunker recently. I got healed after watching this.A warm movie out of 10 is very calm and funStrongly recommend
10,Make sure to watch it. Look it up and watch it.It's not a waste to exchange 10 containers of popcorn
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie The performance and music were great. The chemistry between the two actors was great
10,A movie you want to watch again!
10,I'm in favor of this friendship...!
9,I hope it comes out again this Christmas
10,Make sure to watch it. This is a movie
10,It's not showing at all Put down something else like this and increase the screen See you again
10,There aren't many theaterscrying
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression. I hope the number of theaters increased and everyone got healed
9,It is a "real" work that has been difficult to meet among recent commercial films that simply pursue fun. I want to tell people who hesitate whether to watch it or not that they will never regret it. It's a movie that moved me and left me feeling a lot of things. It's just a pity that there aren't many screenings...
10,It's a healing movie^^
10,It was good. It was fun after a long time
10,Untouchable 1 Pro Friendship Buddy Movie Road Movie Version. It was pretty good.
7,It's a Buddy movie that doesn't overflow and a Road movie
8,It's a movie that needs to be like this to register for ratings. Korean movies with more than 9 points...
8,Road trip. Bromance. Racism. Obvious material but not boring.
10,It's a movie that doesn't waste of money
8,But do you enjoy watching it?
10,a movie that touches the heart that's not obvious
10,There are too many beautiful things in this world to lock us in with prejudice
10,Make sure you watch it. You won't regret it
8,It's a movie with a little bit of fun because of what happens when two people like Sprite meet.And there is always a sad side to movies about black people.I want to give you 8.9 points
10,We have to break down even our unconscious prejudices.
10,It is a movie that broke the prejudice for a few OOO years in 2 hours. It was so touching
10,I watched a movie of my life
10,I want to eat chicken!
10,It was a sick and warm movie Make sure you watch it
10,A very good movie that unravels the heavy theme of black-and-white conflict racism into music and humanity
10,It's been a while since I saw a heart-warming movie
10,I am deeply moved by the birth of a unique work that the name of the movie is not ashamed of. The gratitude to the talented people who made the movie possible to focus from start to finish lasts until the next day. This is the movie!
10,The two main characters who became the best movie in their lives have great chemistry
10,Prejudice is a movie that warms up the iceberg
8,I crave fried chicken after the movie
10,Don Shirley's unabashed display of emotion in the heavy rain has caused a stir in my heart
10,It's a movie where you can feel the warmth of Merry Christmas.
10,The ratings were so good that I watched it half in doubt. Oh my goodness! I was moved and thrilled the whole time I watched itIt's a must-see movie in 2019! I want more theaters and screenings.
10,Touching and a little smile in between.It's a good movie. I keep thinking about Tony's letter to my wife^^
9,I really enjoyed watching it...My wife slept the whole time.
10,It was a healing movie!
10,It's the best. Just watch it
8,I think this is what movies are like
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot. The movie that I thought I should get rid of prejudice. It's a movie that touches your heart and warms your heart
10,The perfect ensemble of two main characters. It's beautiful.
10,It's the best! It's both touching and fun!
10,A movie that makes you crave fried chicken and cigarettes
9,It is a movie that must be watched many times.
10,A movie where a lot of thoughts and things come into your mind
10,I was very lucky to see this movie in the theater before the screening.
6,A story similar to "Untouchable"
10,It was fun. It made me think a lot
10,I can feel the warmth
9,A fun and happy movie. I just watched it and I want to watch it again.
10,I'm amazed again that there was such discrimination a few thousand years ago
10,It's a movie that really lingers. Make sure to watch it!
10,I really enjoyed the movie!
9,It is a fun story about the journey until people with different appearances and personalities get closer to true friendship
10,It's the best movie in recent years. A must-see movie!
9,I can't forget the scene where Shirley's eyes met with black people working in the field
10,It's been a long time since we've met. The acting of the two actors is a masterpiece.
10,It's fun. It's worth watching at the theater
10,I think I've already seen the best movie of 2019.
10,Make sure to watch it. I recommend watching it alone
10,It's overwhelming... It's the best movie! I felt like I got hit after watching without thinking
10,The best movie of my life! This is the real movie!It's a movie that I can recommend to anyone without hesitation.
10,It's really fun There's no time to be bored. There's no reason why you're up there There were a lot of funny scenes I strongly recommend it!
9,a subject of constant importance
10,I really recommend it. I think it's going to be my favorite movie.
10,Make sure you watch it. Watch it twice.  Make sure you watch it. Look twice.
10,What if Don Shirley was white? It's a sad movie that makes me sad
10,It's been a while since I watched a warm movie
10,The storyline is good. I really enjoyed it
10,Sterilization movie~~~~~~
10,Aragon is coming out. Let's go see him
10,It felt like I saw Shawshank escape.
10,Remark. Mortensen was born in the year of the dog? More amazing acting skills than that!
10,Well-made is something like this.
10,a subtly moving movie
10,I watched the movie hoping it wouldn't end
9,an omniscient view of racism in the United States
8,A movie as enchanting as the smell of Kentucky fried chicken
10,It was such a touching movie
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie
10,It was a movie that left a lingering impressionably. It's perfect when there's nothing to see these days
10,Please watch the movie you want to watch again
10,a stream of unnecessary things I lost track of time from beginning to end
9,BUDDY movie that's so delicious and funny
10,I leave a rating for the first time after watching the movie.A human drama film that is not boring at all despite its seemingly dull development. It's a movie that makes me reflect on it after watching it.
10,It's a good movie. So sad
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,I think it's the most movie-like movie out of all the movies
1,It's not a movie with 9 points. I was looking forward to it and was disappointed
8,A movie that leaves nothing but bitterness in the end.
7,It was touching. Both actors were great
10,It's not awkward to call it my favorite movie
8,The eight-week journey to Christmas of understanding and harmony
10,You should watch it when there's a theater Don't regret it
10,It's fun and touching. It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie. I'm so happy
4,I watched Hongdae's GV late at night
9,A movie that eliminates discrimination and discrimination between this side and that side.I felt the power of the chicken breaking down the wall.
10,It's my favorite movie. I recommend you to watch it
10,It's warm and pleasant. I felt a lot of things^^
10,It's a movie that makes you feel a lot of things. It's a movie that unfolds without any boredom I enjoyed watching it
9,It's so nice. Make sure to watch it KFC chicken is original?
10,Compete with dignity that comes from dignity
10,It's such a good movie. The acting is amazing and the script is the best!!!
10,It's this year's movie. Heart-warming
10,It's been a while since I saw a real movie
10,It was a movie that left a deep in my heart The actors' acting was also very impressive
10,It's a movie that makes you feel good.
10,Racism among white Americans is ongoing! under Trump's leadership I watched a touching movie after a long time
10,I think I enjoyed watching it the most recently
10,This is the movie. This is the art. This is our life. Let's reflect on Korean movies.
8,It's calm but touching.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot
10,Their lives and friendship have become a big echo.It was the best movie ever.
10,I'm so touched! It makes me want to eat fried chicken.Whoops! Tony Balleronga's the actor who played Aragon in The Lord of the Rings!
10,The best movie I've seen from last year to this year!!!
10,It's a happy movie to see warm friendship and great music outside the race
10,A movie that lingers!I want to see it again
10,A movie that would have started Christmas with a warm feeling if it was released on Christmas
10,Book a movie of the year
10,It's a movie that's touching and fun to talk about what happens when two people with opposite tendencies go on a concert tour I think it would be good to watch it with your family on the weekend
10,The best movie of my favorite movie
10,It's the best! What do you do in Korea without betting on movies like this?
10,I wish we could watch it together.
8,It was warm and touching It's a good movie
6,I dozed off for a long time and enjoyed watching the latter partBut it's true that it's boring
10,a true story with a gentle touch
10,A movie that you don't expect much and then recommend to others
8,An exquisite tug-of-war between writer's and commercial films.The actors' acting skills and chemistry...
10,That's great. Thank you.
10,The most beautiful movie of my life
10,I think it's because it's been a long time since I saw a movie that lingers and is touching. I strongly recommend Green Book.
10,Make sure you watch it. It's worth it.
10,It's a ten-point movie.  It's a unique touch.
10,Please make sure to watch it!
10,It's such a good movie.
9,A real trick that lingers afterwards!
10,It's a good movie that I haven't seen in a long time.
10,It's a movie that makes it hard to get up afterwards
10,America's inner self - a democratic nation that cries out for human equality - watched this movie with a black heart - so great
9,It's warm and cozy
10,a film that touches the heart
10,I'm moved beyond expectations far exceed my expectations
10,I watched the movie with the thought that I was happy to watch this kind of movie. A must-see movie.
10,I'm so sleepy. I'll see you again
10,The keywords of this movie are dignity and courage.
10,Make sure you watch itIt's a pity that this kind of movie gets pushed out of the list~Highly recommended!
10,It's definitely the best movie I've seen in recent years!It felt like I was traveling to America. It was good
10,Both of you should get the Best Supporting Actor award
10,It's both touching and laughing.
10,I'm going to buy a ticket as I leave the theater^^
10,I watched "Solo" on Saturday night and it made me think deeply
10,It was perfect until the end. It's still fun
10,My life movie! There are quite a few laugh points and it was nice to be given the opportunity to think about it personally.There is no such thing as a forced squeeze.It was a good experience where I made my own time watching movies!I learned the charm of Mahershala Ali.
10,It's the best movie that's been released recently. It's fun. I strongly recommend it
10,I've never seen such a lovely movie
9,I had a great indirect experience. I've experienced the reality of racism
10,A movie that makes you feel good!
10,It's a movie that made me think a lot.
10,It was great. The first movie of the new year starts with a lot of thoughts and emotions.
10,A movie that can grasp everything without any burden. I was touched by the directing ability.
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. Just looking at it makes me happy and I feel like I've lived a cultural life properly.It's been a while since I've done that.
9,This movie made me feel good all weekend^^
10,It's touching. It's a healing movie
8,It was a comfortable movie where I could listen to beautiful scenery and beautiful music
10,It's a really good movie in many ways. I want to see it again
10,Green book is a must-see movie. It's a movie that you'll regret.^^
9,I highly recommend it. It is a heartwarming movie.
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again ^^ The actor who played Dr. Don Shirley showed the difference between a fake smile and a happy smile
10,a film that gently unravels a strong message
10,It was impressive  It's a rare trick
10,No need to say. You're the best! A movie that makes you want to eat chicken
10,It's really fun...It was the best
10,I couldn't find the part where I should get my horoscope cut. Out of 10 points.
10,It's the best. I think it's the best movie I've seen in 2019. It is a movie that Korean parents can watch and educate Southeast Asian second-generation children to treat them well without prejudice.
10,130 minutes passed quickly because I laughed so hard
10,It's calm and lingering...I think it's a good thing I saw it
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie in my life A movie with good quality and warm heartwarming
10,Nothing is missing.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time. It left a lingering feeling of heartbreak
10,What is being born in this world that everyone is the same?I don't know if that's ever happened to me It's a night where I have a lot of thoughts
10,Tony's one punch in a society full of loathing
9,You're delivering the obvious with a calm smile. The process of finding a society without prejudice
10,It's calm. It's so natural for two people to melt into each other.
8,It's a heartwarming movie. I realize how precious it is to interact with people.
10,That's a funny and instructive true story
10,It naturally unravels the heavy material with pleasure and laughter. Music and travel... It's a perfect movie
10,Let's go up to the box office! I hope there will be more theaters for this kind of movie theaters.
10,It's a movie where black and white meet and make gray
9,KFC is so delicious
9,It's very touching~~
10,I felt a calm and deep impression as two different people approached each other and understood each other deeply and cared for each other. This movie is awesome. I strongly recommend it! Make sure to watch it.
10,Dignity always beats. It was a movie that made me think a lot.
9,I like it because there's no forced smile. a warm movie
10,It's the best. Why can't such a masterpiece be popular?
10,It's a great movie. It's touching.
10,It's my favorite movie.  I hope you watch it
10,It's super fun... It's so much fun Make sure you watch it
10,Put the trash where it belongs! Chicken bones on the road!
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again and againfor a long time
10,Do you really watch it?Touching? It's such a good movie
10,Heart-warming... Heart-warming ^^ It was a good time.
9,a force that penetrates the problems of the times and does not let go of the pleasures
10,It's a good movie that conveys emotions and finds reason rather than stimulating. I enjoyed watching it. I recommend it.
10,The thrill of Shirley hitting Chopin's Etude.
10,Very interesting. The dignity of a man. Dr. Shirley feels like President Moon Jae In
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece where you can laugh in between. It's a masterpiece called "Go away from others"
10,A masterpiece came out in a long time.Watch it when it's on.
10,It's the best! Make sure to watch it It's the best movie to watch now.
1,That's too bad. It's really boring.
10,Best movie of the year. It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,It's been a while since I watched a really good movieThe echo is big~~~
10,It was so much fun  The male characters are so good at acting. I made up for being criticized by my girlfriend for being Aquaman lol
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen this year
10,It's a good movie to watch with your teenage children
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken...You ate it so deliciously.Haha
10,It's fun. Look at it
10,I'm glad I watched it. It's a warm movie
10,A film that shows how prejudiced everywhere is.
9,A warm movie. I hope more people can watch it in more theaters
10,It was as touching as Bohemian Rhapsody
10,I watched it at the end of last year and I thought I watched a good movie
10,It was a really good movie!
10,a film with a gentle touch
10,A good emotional trip with my parents
10,It was a very good movie
10,It's a must-see movie.
9,A movie that reminds me of courage and change. Recommend.
10,It's the best movie ever This is the real work
10,I'm so touched. Thank you for starting 2019 so fresh!
10,It's heart-warming. I think it'll be fun to watch it again
8,a journey to a world marred by prejudice against meeting two very different people
10,The message is warm and the acting is excellent.The performance at a black cafe is touching and touching. It's a good movie!
10,It was a really warm and fun movie with a message. I'm happy that the first movie of the year is Green Book
10,I almost went to KFC after watching the movie
10,A movie that makes your heart feel the social perspective of people of color at that time
8,A movie that indirectly felt the discrimination between white and black people. It would have been better if it came out on Christmas.
10,Just... just look.
10,It makes me think again about racism
10,It's a pity that such a movie has such a small number of theaters
8,I enjoyed watching itI focused more on the movie because it was a true story
8,I enjoyed watching itI focused more on the movie because it was a true story
10,Please make a movie with a touching story and a Korean movies
10,A well-made movie that many people want to see
10,I highly recommend it to people around me.
10,2019 New Year's movie that captures both fun and touching moments!
10,It's a movie that makes me think. Make sure to watch it!
10,I'd like to see more theaters
10,E-Mart song played in the middle of the movie
9,It seems like we went on a trip together with a warm story and piano music.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot. You did a great job
10,A movie that does not have a spectacular climax but gives a calm impression and message.
10,It's the best movie of my life. I strongly recommend it!
8,Drive and eat chicken
10,It's a must-see movie. It's touching
10,It was a touching movieThe first movie of the year was the best choice~~^^
10,100 out of 100
10,The process of enriching relationships pays tribute to the exciting and courageous people
10,I hope you watch it. Hah!
10,I hope you watch it. Hah!
10,I hope you watch it. Hah!
10,I hope you watch it. Hah!
10,Every scene was meaningful
10,It's been a while since I saw a heartwarming movie.But it's too bad that the theater isn't there.
10,It's an obvious story! But it's fun!
10,It's fun. It's still lingering
10,What is a good movie? It's this kind of movie
10,I really enjoyed it I think Tony is really a good gentleman
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,A movie that makes us reflect on our prejudice and discrimination. A warm movie that's good to watch with your family
9,It's a movie I want to watch again
10,It's all moving and fun. I lost track of time
10,A good movie that I haven't seen in a long time!
10,It was really good. I think there should be many movies like this. Korean movie monopoly is too much.
10,It's a good movie after a long time
10,A well-made film that makes heavy themes light.
10,Can it be this warm?
10,a heartwarming movie
10,They're both so good at acting.
10,A movie that should be at the top of the box office. I didn't know Merry Christmas was such a touching wordcrying
10,A calm movie that makes me feel comfortable after watching good piano music and actors' acting~^^
10,A movie like a boiler in the cold winter.I want to see it one more time.
6,Lower expectations and encourage viewing
10,Touching. You have to watch itYou have to watch it twice
10,Shirley's lines in the rain gave me goose bumps
10,It's a good movie  Strong recommendation
10,I recommend a moving movie that leaves a lingering impression
10,I wish it was released on Christmas.I'm going to watch this every Christmas instead of Kevin
10,I lost track of time.
10,It was a satisfying movie after a long time.
10,A calm healing movie that would have been better if it was released before Christmas
10,The lives and lives of both of them are touchingIt's a bright morning
10,It's the best movie that's both fun and touching! I strongly recommend it!
10,Sometimes the true story is more like a movie. Road movie that gives a gentle echo
9,It was a movie that warmed my heart and made this moment precious.
8,The production is a bit disappointing. Did I expect a big echo?remain calm to the end But JAM at Orange Bird made my heart race.
10,Make sure to watch it! Please!
10,It's a movie where you don't get bored and wonder how it'll turn out. Make sure you watch it
10,It's a must-see movie
10,A really good and funny movie that warms your heart and tears at the end
10,I didn't expect much. It's more than I expected. I recommend you to watch it. The movie's 60s visual beauty is reproduced in great detail. The translator's captions are also witty. It's a movie that makes you think when you watch it without thinking.
10,Another life movie is added.I'm not an easy guy
10,I don't know why I'm not number one
10,We look back on ourselves
10,It was so great.I laughed a lot after a long time
10,It's a fun and touching movie
10,It's too bad there aren't any theaters.Calm and touching. The main characters' passionate performances.Everything was good
7,You can watch it lightly and happily. It was nice to learn from each other and become like each other
10,It's the first movie I want to watch this year. I strongly recommend it.
10,a film that leaves a lingering impression
10,You have to watch this! It's a good movie that's both touching and fun
10,You're the best! Make sure you watch it
8,It's a good movie.  It gives us a sense of the times of the '60s
10,All the actors' acting in the movie are the best!!! The best movie with a lot of meaning in the true friendship between courageous Shirley and Bburi! It's the best movie at the 2019 Academy Award for Best Picture!!!
10,I strongly recommend "Touching"joy-yeri
10,There are a lot of people who are afraid to reach out first even though they're lonely. Why doesn't this line leave?
10,It's my first time getting a rating. Laughter. Touching. Healing. It was just that I want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken while listening to Chopin lol
10,I loved the acting of the two actors Especially Bigo Mortensen.
10,My favorite movie I've seen recently
10,I'm so touched
10,It's such a good movie. It's all worth watching. It's a meaningful movies I highly recommend it
10,Watching a movie in time without any information is a masterpiece like this. It is a calm but deeply moving movie
10,The piano performance in the last pub was the best!
8,a beautiful and pleasing communion that transcends prejudice and prejudice
10,The best movie I've seen this year and last year
10,It will definitely be the best movie of the yearIt's so nice that my heart feels warm^^
10,This is a much better movie than Malmoi. It's a shame that there aren't many theaters. I felt a lingering impression of a movie after a long time
10,I enjoyed watching a movie that reminds me of "Untouchable"
10,A heart-warming and heart-warming movie.
10,You two look so good together. It's a movie that shows how we adjust to each other with the audience
10,A calm storyline.Touching and laughing...
10,Best movie ever in movie history!!!!I'll give you 5 stars
10,The last scene is touching.
10,Untouchable: 1 per cent reversal of friendship. It's a beautiful story. None of the top movies is better than this one.
10,a Christmas-like movie once in a year
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again
8,Heart-warming. So human. ^^
10,It's been a while since I last saw a movie that touches my heart. I want to watch it again if I have a chance^^
9,Race and class. It's a movie about intersection. It's been a while since I've seen a movie that deals with this topic and leaves a warm impression.
10,A movie with more than 10 points! I recommend it
10,I caught both the best movies of my life and the best entertainment
10,The best movie of 2019
10,It is a movie that is calm but witty and impressive.
10,I feel like my heart is getting warm! It's a movie that makes me think about a lot of things
10,It was a movie that made me feel sad and relieved that I am living now. But Wit is a great movie that you didn't miss! I think I'll remember it for a long time :)
10,It's a lot of fun Strongly recommend
10,It was a movie that I wanted to recommend to people around me at least once because the movie was meaningful and I thought a lot while watching it.His acting was great too.
10,I'm getting emotional
10,It's a movie that made me think about many things and didn't miss out on fun.I watched it with my mom and it was so good
9,I was so impressed by the artist's solitude and patience in front of the piano performance and violent reality.
9,Like a white keyboard singing beautifully under a black finger
10,It lingers in my mind and it's so touching
10,You have to watch this. It's not even a long time ago. It's a story from the 1960s.
10,It's such a warm and nice story
10,a good movie from beginning to end
10,A film as dignified as Shirley's
10,one of the top ten movies of one's life
10,You guys are really good at acting.I enjoyed it To the point of being touched
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Fun and touching I really enjoyed it!
10,A really good movie with both cinematic quality and popularity
10,The warmest movie in the cold winter!!!!Strongly recommend
10,The actors and actresses' acting are all great movies
10,It was so much fun^^
10,It's a calm and well-made movie
10,It's been a while since I felt this movie
10,Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it
10,It's a movie that has a calm aftertaste.
10,Fun and Touching 60The vintage background of the 60s is a bonus!
10,It's such a good movie. The other audience is very satisfied as we go out. :)
10,It's a beautiful movie that warms your heart
10,deeply lingering Throwing things to think about. It's a good movie.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a trick
10,I'm crying over your hugs.
10,The best movie I've seen in recent years! I hope you watch it before you go down
10,I'm touched. Make sure to watch it
10,an impression of emotion a delightful film
10,It is a meaningful movie that looks at different lives of one era from various perspectives. I hope a lot of people will watch it.
10,It's the best movie that will shine in 2019. People who live with prejudice should watch this movie
10,It's a movie that's fun and touching. Make sure to watch it Strongly recommend
10,It's the best. The best movie ever
10,A healing movie that makes you feel good ^^ I almost regretted not watching it
10,The sincerity of life came to me as a movieWhy I should live and how I should live become the light and come to me little by little
10,A heartwarming movie. I watched a movie that made me feel good after a long time
10,It's the best choice for people who don't like movies to beat up and use superpowers
10,It's so much fun
10,A movie that will be remembered even after time passes! I recommend it!
10,The first movie that I really wanted everyone to watch
10,a film that lingers in one's mind The actors' acting was also good.
8,It's a movie with shining friendship and I was touched
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It's a movie that makes your heart warm
10,It was so much fun. I strongly recommend it! I strongly recommend it!!
10,It's fun and touching
10,a moving film It's a movie that resonates
10,It was such a good movie and it was a warm and touching movieThe actors' performances were excellent
8,The chemistry between the characters is so good
10,Why aren't there many good movies like this?참It's a very meaningful movie~~♡
10,It's a touching good movie
10,It's a movie with a lot of lingering feelings and things to think about.
10,This is what a movie is... I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,It is a movie worth watching.
10,I like movies that have calm emotions and small fun like this~~
8,a distinct sense of subject matter about discrimination and convergence Brilliant screenplay and great lead actors who created attractive characters and situation settings. A popular movie that makes audiences feel good in this day and age.
10,It's warm! It lingers afterwards.Balleronga is really fun and it's amazing how she changed her acting skills
10,It doesn't feel like 130 minutes!It's a good movie
10,A really good movie. Make sure you watch it Really
8,a serene account of discrimination and minorities
10,I kept crying when I played the piano in a black bar.
10,Proper gag and lost time story. Watching a movie like a movie after a long time
10,I think it will be a memorable movie of the year even if I look back after the end of the year.
10,It was so good. It's even more touching
10,The movie that left a deep impression on the two actors' chemistry was also good! It was such a wonderful Merry Christmas! ^^
10,We've forgotten how great E-Mart is.
10,Bigomotensen's acting was fun
10,The Green Book is a travel guidebook for blacks published from 1936 to 66.It is a story about racism based on a true story about a relationship between a black genius pianist and a white man who became a contractor during a performance tour in the southern United States.
10,I think the word "masterpiece" is more appropriate than "masterpiece"
10,It's time to reflect on your prejudice
10,It's a rare move in recent years.
10,I've been smiling happily ever after Aragon was cute and charmingL
10,It's the best. Please increase the screenings~~
9,One of the few special films with completeness and simplicity
10,A movie that makes you think calmly ^^ It's fun
10,Thank you for the warm and touching movie.It would be great if more people could watch this kind of movie
10,It's a movie that touches people of color Top
10,It was so much fun. His acting is the best and his singing is all good
10,The heart-warming and heart-breaking process of getting to know each other's pain and joy. I can't believe Farrelly had this kind of sensitivity!
10,It was a really fun movie for the first time in a while
10,I almost ordered chicken while watching it late at night.
10,It's a calm and touching movie
10,It's really fun. Make sure to watch it at the theater
10,A movie that gave us a deep understanding of the racism that black people would have received in those days. It was so much fun to see the relationship between the two that changed as the story progressed
10,Best movie of the last year
8,It's very calm  a smiley film
10,The story with a calm and humorous theme and the acting skills of the delicate and intense actors were really good. The first start of 2019 is really good! I recommend it. Have a healing time
10,It's the best
10,The opposite characters are well harmonized
10,It's a masterpiece that unravels a serious topic with sincerity and bromance!
10,The American landscape is nice and the story is warm
10,Vigo Mortensen / Food that you can trust and eat Fried Chicken
10,It was fun and very touching. America's dark past. I can't believe there was a time like that. I think I know why so many people gave me 10 points.
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken! I can't miss it!
10,a good movie
10,It is a heart-warming movie.Make sure to watch it!
10,I think it was a good thing to see the Green Book as the first movie of the year.
10,A movie that reminds us of our prejudices.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time A heartwarming and delightful movie!!!! Highly recommended ^^
10,It's really my life...It's really fun and...I recommend it because it's touching and lingering
10,You're the best. You'll regret it if you don't watch it. The first movie of the new year in 2019 will be roughly recommended!
10,Make sure you watch it. It's a really good movie.
10,It's a heart-warming healing movie that I watched while laughing with (G)I-DLE
10,The tempo of being unable to lose concentration in the midst of a pleasant calmness The power of a parley of messages
10,It is the best movie...
8,I think it's a good movie to watch~~
10,The best movie in a long time
10,The best. I want to recommend it
10,It's a calm and healing movie. Some might think it's boring
10,I met another movie of my life movie~~ It's a masterpiece that's so touching!
10,Endurance against discrimination. A warm Christmas with friendship at the end of the tour
10,I think I came out after watching the fairy tale episode. I enjoyed it
10,I just saw it and came out~It's a movie that warms my heart~^^
10,Will there be more movies than this this year?
10,It takes courage to win someone's heart
10,It's a great movie. It's a real movie
10,Wow. Brother Aragon. He's even cooler!
8,...it's fun but I don't know 10 points...
10,Best! Nothing more to say!
10,I highly recommend this movie to all my family and friends^^
10,I'm going to watch it again. It's subtly fun.
10,It's witty from time to time and the content is the best. The reality that discrimination was natural even after an important position was lost was bitter. I really liked the performance scene at Orange Bird. There were a lot of famous lines and I enjoyed it.
10,I hope it'll be screened in more places and more people will watch it
10,It's so touching...It's a warm movie
10,a profound reflection on human prejudice
10,Great performance and warm bromance combined well...
10,Even I suspected a police officer in the last part had a prejudice.I realized that I should get rid of prejudice first
8,learn from others on the road
10,It's a movie that really resonates
10,Every generation has their own problemsThe friendship that's in there is touching
10,The movie that I want to watch again. The movie that's worth the time
9,It's a very warm movie with humanism. The movie is based on a true story of a racist era. It is a movie that touches the hearts of men
10,It's calm and nice  I want to recommend it
10,I just saw it and it's too bad there aren't many people in the movie theater It's really fun. It's a movie that's not a waste of money
10,It was touching.I strongly recommend Good Movie
10,It's definitely the most touching movie of the movie of the year
8,I recommend a movie to watch.
10,It's really nice. I hope you watch a movie
10,It's a very interesting movie to watch
10,It's so much fun. It's a must-see movie
10,It's a great road and buddy movie.
10,This is a real movie
10,Please watch it It's my favorite movie
10,Prejudice can't be broken easily.
10,prejudice disappears on snowy roads
10,It was a satisfying movie
9,This kind of movie is really good now. It is simple and simple.It's fun.
10,It's a movie that feels warm after watching it.Thank you for the good music and the humane movie
10,The best masterpiece of 2019
10,The first movie of 2019 is off to a good start
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I strongly recommend it It's a good movie
10,10 out of 10 for the beautiful music story
10,I want to go see it again. A black man who couldn't play classical music.
10,If you watch a movie like this...I'm thinking. ♥♥♥
10,It was a healing movie Please increase the number of theaters
10,The dignity is elegant but can be too cold and hard. Humanity is relaxed but has a sultry looseness. A fairy tale movie for adults who grow up exchanging dignity and humanity. It is calm and warm.
10,It was a movie with a calm aftertaste and meaning.
10,Video beauty and movie OST...It's still lingering. The last part is a refreshing and warm movie.It's not a metaphor. It's a classy movie that the audience can feel
10,It's a movie that makes me feel comfortable
9,It is a heartwarming movie based on the sad times.  We're starting 2019 with a good drama!
10,It was a movie that made me feel warm in the cold winter.
10,It's a collection movie. Make sure to take it.
10,It's a movie of my life.
10,I've never felt this touched since "Love Actually"
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Thank you for watching such a movie.
10,I saw the best movie.  The scenes that are not threatening at all are so tense and heartbreaking at some point and warm at some point.
10,It's a masterpiece of my life
8,Typical flow cleanliness
10,I loved the chemistry between the two characters
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,This piece is one of the top 5 this year. It's such a great piece
10,The best movie of 2019
8,a film showing the cruelty of color racism of the time
10,More than I expected... It's a movie that I watched while wondering if the actors were unfamiliar and the title was unfamiliar... I understand why they commented that it was the best movie ever.
10,A movie that shows the greatness of chicken
10,It's touching. I love the last scene
10,I really want to give you 100 points. I wonder what the hell is in the heads of racist people. What's so good about you guys?
10,How long has it been since I saw such a jewel-like movie? (Mahershala Ali was so cool that her eyes and heart were even more joyful!)
10,It's a movie where people with very different personalities meet and become one and make people laugh and move
10,It's worth seeing if you're interested in black culture.
10,It's a really good movie!!
10,A movie where you can feel warm emotions
10,This year's first movie is perfect. Make sure you watch it
10,Looking at each other and approaching each other
10,A movie that warms your heart during the cold winter!
10,It's a very heavy topicHe's so witty Thank you
8,It was a touching movie that made me think about many things. I enjoyed it after a long time
10,Just look...It's really the best.Fun and touching
10,the most beautiful way of playing the shame of the times
10,I logged in on purpose because I wanted to give you a rating. I've been in a beautiful and warm fairy tale for 2 hours I feel like I'm out It would have been better if it was released last Christmas. The friendship that grows both of us is so warm and touching^^
10,It's humorous and touching I got emotional from time to time There was a smile on my lips the whole time I watched it without getting bored! It was fun looking at Dr. Shirley's clothes
8,We all need courage to overcome discrimination against people. The heavy subject was solved in popular speech. a decent film
10,I really hope a lot of people will watch it. They're all the same people.
9,How wonderful it is to understand each other and assimilate into the other's world.I envy their lifelong friendship
10,I heard it's based on a true story. I enjoyed it a lotI lost track of time
10,A movie that makes you think a lot
10,All right... I mean it's true
10,Heartwarming movie... I want to recommend it to my daughter
9,The green book that I'm welcomed into. It's a movie that makes me cry
10,I'm so grateful to see a masterpiece that makes me look back on myself without being too emotional or appealing to humanity
10,It leaves a lot of lingering feelings. I hope you watch it
10,Make sure to watch it! Make sure to watch it!
10,It was a movie that left a lingering impression.
10,Make sure you watch it. It makes me think about a lot of things. It's very calm and fun.
10,It's a heartwarming movie. You can't feel that person's feelings only when you go through it.
9,It is more touching that this is a true story. A movie that is good to watch when you are hit by people and tired of life.
10,It was a more fun and pleasant movie than I thought. It's the most expensive movie I've seen recently
10,It's a great movieIt was time to think about racism
10,A movie that reminds you of "Untouchable" but also warms your heart.
10,I saw the American version of Taxi Driver.
10,It's really fun...I strongly recommend it.
9,The story of two men who are different from each other meeting and becoming alike. Two months alone can make a lot of difference. If only I had courage.
9,It's a movie that I want to recommend to people around me who have small fun and fall in love from beginning to end!
10,a non-mainstream in the mainstream The process of changing shoes.
10,A movie that's worth watching with both touching and fun
10,A moving true story that I haven't seen in years! A movie that touches my heart
10,I don't usually get a GPA...This movie is so good. It's a trick and it's fun. Strongly recommend
10,It's touching. ♡ It's a movie that I really want to recommendThe two actors with opposite tendencies are so immersed in their acting
10,It was so nice. It was better than Chet Baker
10,It's a movie that would be good for more people to watch
10,Best of best!^^!
10,Best movie to watch again
10,Such a good movie. I think I'll go and watch it alone
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot
10,The best movie...Recommendation
10,I erased prejudice against others and made friendship! a film of warmth and humor
10,This is what a movie is like! What else do I need to say?
10,The first movie I saw this year is a green book. It's the best movie
10,It's a nice beautiful movie.
10,I enjoyed watching it after a long time. To the point where you want to clap afterwards.
10,It's so impressive that we accept each other without prejudice and change
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,It's the best movie!I really recommend it!
10,The last concert at Jjamba was so touching that I almost cried
6,I see some signs of effort
10,There is a constant warmth in my heart.
10,Best movie about prejudice since Get Out.
10,It's the best. I hope everyone watches it. I recommend it. ^^
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I watched a movie after a long time.
10,It's such a fun and warm movie
10,Aragonian transformer Ali's smart acting Rachmaninov
10,Maybe it's because I didn't look forward to it. It was so good and touching!
10,Maybe it's because I didn't look forward to it. It was so good and touching!
10,It's like watching "Infinite Challenge" Hyungdon and HongchulI was going crazy because both of you were so cute
10,Best movie of the year! So far...
10,This is the movie. This is the movie.
10,I can't believe you're solving this heavy topic of racism in such a pleasant way.It's really the best.
10,It's fun and lessons at the same time.
10,Containing a weighty theme in harmony in an easy-to- The real story and the reversal of the Lord of the Rings
9,Like a warm Christmas present
10,A perfect movie. I can't express it anymore.
10,a luxury brand that has shown human intolerance in a scathing way
10,Perfect... I want to watch a heartwarming movie and a movie with echo
10,It was so much fun. It was a movie that lingered for a long timeIt's a movie that's not too spicy. It's like Kentuckoo Fried Chicken mildI don't get sick of it!!!
10,I didn't expect much from it was so fun and touchingIt's a movie that makes me think a lotI hope you watch it
10,It's such a good movieStrongly recommend
8,"Driving Miss Daisy" manly version.
10,Merry Christmas to the police officer.It's so warm...
10,Healing movies... Things like this
10,I added it to my list of best movies
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
8,a pleasure to listen to piano performance of the piano
10,A good movie! It shows the flow of emotions
8,It's a very heavy topic
10,My heart is warm. Thank you for writing for me
10,The process of two different people opening their hearts and getting to know each other was wonderful.  I want to see you again.
10,I never regret it
10,Best! A great movie about discrimination with wit
10,It was a touching movie that warmed my heart.
10,Well-organized screenplay and the power of actors.It's so heart-warming
10,It's a great movie Make sure you watch it
10,The Kentucky Fried Chicken scene was so much fun
7,influence each other as a guidebook Vigo Mortenson and Mayhershala Ali's performances are reversed and contrasted with great harmony.
10,I want to recommend that it's a must-see movie It's touching
10,I hope you watch it.:)))
8,I'm on my way home after watching it. It's fun
10,The best movie I've seen this year! :) So much fun
8,I liked it because we had a good sense of humor
10,I liked the music that makes my ears happy and the acting of the two actors
10,Make sure you watch it.The best movie of my life movie
10,Make sure you watch it.The best movie of my life movie
10,a heartwarming and touching film
10,My mother in her 60s was also satisfied.
10,It's touching. I strongly recommend it.
10,The best movie of my life. You deserve 10 points
10,The reality of ignorant white and cultured black people - not a funny movie at all
10,A movie like a 1% friendship is fun and touching
10,It's very touching and I like the warmth of it  It makes me smile and feel emotional  Recommendation!
10,There's a movie of my life! I strongly recommend it
10,Details of the two actors' outstanding "psychological changes" in support of outstanding material that encompasses both "friendship" and "racism." And "Music" as a bonus. This movie is a masterpiece.
9,A truly authentic road movie. foretell us now beyond the ages
10,I hope many people watch it
10,It harmonizes laughter and emotion in the movie
10,I don't think I've ever felt this good on my way out of a movie  Recommend.
8,The most witty and dignified way to confront prejudice is from small changes.
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot.
10,It's a great movie. Thank you.
10,It's like a human movie.  It wasn't a waste of money!
10,"Meaning together" in prejudice.
10,Heart-warming healing movie ^^
10,The movie I want to watch again is the best
9,a portrait drawn by others with sheet music and a handle
10,A movie that talks a lot. A magical movie that overturns even the prejudices you already have.
8,For a world without a green book
10,It is a movie that makes KFC chicken go crazy after watching it.
10,Fun and humorous movie. I feel like something good happens after watching it
10,I like them all...E-Mart songs keep ringing in my ears
10,It seems like yesterday that you played the role of a middle-aged macho in "King of the Rings" by Big Brother Mortensen.
10,It's so much fun. You need a movie like this. This is a movie
10,Something that touches my heart is approaching
10,It's fun. It's better because I can think a lot.
10,I recommend the best movie released in January.
9,Remark: Mortensen's acting was really good
9,The details are good and the music is exciting. A movie that's predictable but not to skip
10,Best movie. Meaningful movie
10,I'm on my way back from the 9:15 movie early morning at Gangnam CGV. Please watch it
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot. It's a must-see movie
10,It's the best. Make sure you watch it
8,Open your Green Book when your life is tired and you need courage.
10,How can you measure the weight of your life? I burst into tears as I took the last picture with the smile on my facecrying
6,Capharnaum
10,About despair and misery.
10,I hope there will be peace in the Middle East as soon as possible.
10,I feel sad and my heart feels heavy
10,It's a sad movie because it's so realistic. The main character is so good at actingHaha
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a great movie
10,My heart ached the whole time I watched it.
9,A story that may have been in Korea 70 years ago. I hope they have a better future than now
10,The biggest victims of the war are women and children.  May the world come where children are respected and loved
10,It's so sad that it's hard to watch until the end. But I have no choice but to see it.The world is too harsh for a little kid. I watched it while choking up.
7,A movie that honestly reflects a life that rolls like a wheel and is trampled like a bug
10,I think this is the first time I have been greatly impressed by a movie.
10,Irresponsible bottom poor kids just tears?
10,the extravagance of expression I don't think I can do that if I'm in my own situation. Zain! That's great
9,I turned it off because I was so tired.The rating is a small cheer for Syrian refugees.
10,I recommend you watch it right away.
10,My heart was pounding after the movie.A movie that makes me ashamed of myself as an adult.
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,A movie that you must watch once in your life. A movie that reminded you of the greatness of the basics. Jonas is so lovely...
1,Syrian version of Park Hwa-young is the worst
10,a movie that is touching in everywhere
10,Parents who don't take care of their children are guilty
9,It's a movie that makes you feel that there's no direction beyond reality
10,a smile while taking a picture of one's ID card The only smile in the movie at the end...a poignant movie
10,A movie that I watched while crying
10,This is a must-see movie and a reality to face.
10,The reality is sad that it won't be more than this and less miserable
10,The perfect movie.
10,This is what a movie is like.
10,Is it God's play to have a baby born where it shouldn't be for those who desperately want it?
10,It reminded me of the truth of the movieI think I saw the reason for the existence of the film and the direction that the true film should pursue
10,A movie to remember even after 50 years
10,A movie where you can feel the emotions in your expression. It is a heartbreaking and thoughtful movie.
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,It's such a heartbreaking and heartbreaking movie.
10,It makes me rethink the medium of movies.
10,Heartwarming movie..
6,I got emotional when I pulled the water bottle
10,It's so sad...
10,The weight of life that is truly conveyed...
10,A movie that helped me pay more attention to the immigrants around me
10,It's a movie that you want to give a life to people who haven't thought about what it means to give a life
10,It's a must-see piece.
1,Boring.
10,A movie that showed that this world exists. It makes me think again about the life of refugees
10,Your smile made me cry
10,I think the smiling person will keep the past and rise again. The fact that this isn't just a novel...It makes me look at myself more
10,Life is OO. Life is hell
10,My worst is like a normal routine for them.A movie that makes me reflect on myself a lot
10,You have to be happy.crying
10,A movie that resonates and touches people's hearts about what humanity is. The realistic description was overwhelming enough to make it seem like a documentary.
10,Sowing seeds knowing it's going to be hard. Animals can bite and kill if they have babies in that environment. How can they fight without contraception? No wonder only children are pitied and adults are being sued. I want to bring up a very smart and wonderful kid like that
10,I was thankful to the director who made this movie.I couldn't sleep because I was so touched.The saddest and most painful movie I've ever seen.
10,All this fault lies with the adults Especially for politicians
10,The movie that I watched with tears in my eyes... I hope the children who act in real life will be truly happy
10,I felt the gratitude of my life
10,I can't believe I'm not an actor who thinks about me in the middle of work
10,My heart aches to tears
10,Some children in the world have a happy Children's Day and some on the other side of the globe have a hell of a day.
10,A must-see movie! Recommend.
10,A movie that every adult in the world should watch.
10,It's just a great movie. I'm getting emotional towards the end
10,A movie that has no choice but to have a high rating.a movie that doesn't require a part-time job
10,More miserable hypocrisy and lethargy to know that you are an adult but will do nothing but watch movies
10,May all the children in the world be happy.
10,I wanted to hug Jain when he was next to me.
9,Ja-in's performance where he slapped the audience in the last scene. May everything go smoothly in his life.
10,Can I rate this movie?
10,The greatest movie in the world.
9,The birth of a family. Two hours of pain is compensated by an epilogue.
10,I hate the reality that made a 12-year-old child think he would accuse his parents.
10,I was afraid that a bad adult here would abandon the baby because he might steal the money
10,Please don't give birth to a baby without thinking It is child abuse from the moment you are born. Your parents are proving you're a pig. I'm angry.
10,The gap between reality and the last ID photo. I saw the lives of people and refugees why this movie is a masterpiece. This made the welfare workers look great and my selfishness insignificant.
10,It's such a good movie
10,I don't appreciate my life. Self-reflection
10,I saw the height of poverty. a movie that was very sad but made people laugh everywhere
10,Who made the children cry? We know the answer is in the tears we shedding tears
10,It was heartbreaking because there were many people who were in a sad and difficult environment to the point of tears. I hope you grow up in an environment where you can have a better life through movies
10,I wonder if it was just me who seemed most comfortable when he was in prison.
10,I hope it will be a world where all children can smile brightly like the last scene of the movie.
10,Project Florida in Lebanon
10,I thought it would be nice if everyone was happy in this world.Especially if it's a world where children don't suffer
10,I was deeply moved by the great shock I felt in the environment opposite to the world I live in and the way I tried to overcome the adversity
10,The tears that I held back from the last smile came to my eyes
10,When Jain smiles at the end... I don't think I've seen you laugh throughout the movie. They're supposed to be innocent smiles.
10,an immature parent
10,The weight of a child's life shouldn't be this hard
10,So sad and beautiful eyes.Make sure to watch it this winter.
1,It was the worst
10,The love song of an actor who plays Jain makes life more painful.
6,No one knows what's going on in the Middle East
10,It's so realistic that it breaks my heart
10,A movie that made me reflect on my life and gave me a way to live in the future
10,The best movie I've seen this year is 10 points.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,The lingering feeling of the movie is painful
10,I was really immersed in it. The members are so good at acting. It's a movie that makes me think a lot. It's my life movie. Thank you.
10,The difference between an adult and a child stems not from responsibility but from the ability to take responsibility
10,It was the first time I cried because I was so sad I hope you watch it. You'll appreciate everything we've been given for granted I hope the world will be protected by everyone
10,Another movie of my life.And... Jonas is so cute.
10,Love is the responsibility of a child who has never learned to love
10,I cried because I was moved to hear that life was hellYou remind me of a person who was born to be loved
10,It hurts deep in my heart
8,Why are you giving birth without responsibility? have a headache
10,the best movie
10,I felt like I had a rock on my chest the whole time.
10,Some families are violent in their very existence
10,It's such a good movie.
9,It's like a documentary
10,My heart was wet with Jain's eyes.
10,a film that makes 0.46 percent of humans incomprehensible
10,Children are innocent and adults are guilty. I doubt if I think God exists even after seeing this.
10,The movie that made me think a lot...The movie that I watched with my friends' recommendation without any special information.It is a pity that there is no such good movie theater.
10,cool
10,A sad movie. Sad movie.
10,a life-time movie that makes one cry
10,I recommend it. It was impressive
10,My favorite movie!
9,a movie that shows the reality in plain sight
10,I think I've been singing all this time.You have to work hard. I heard you're a real refugee. I hope you grow up to be happy
9,a film based on a true story about the reality of poor countries
10,I learned and felt many things through myselfThe last scene where I smile lasts for a long time
10,Please watch it. Please watch it마지막 I cried when the last jane laughed Really loudly
10,I can't even say that I'm really good at acting. Because it was their lives
10,I wish you happiness in front of you.I just want everyone else to be happy.
10,This is so touching. But it's so depressing.
10,It's a heartbreaking movie. I can't forget the sad eyes of the main character
10,Poverty is like the most painful punishment that slowly kills the body and mind.
10,A movie that I dare not add. The sight of Jonas holding him and taking care of him as best he can makes adults feel ashamed of his irresponsible attitude
9,Poor movies make you humble. It's hard to live looking down. They didn't do anything wrong. The problem is the adults who didn't learn... At least let's not be hypocrites.
10,How dare I judge their lives
10,Our lives are cruel.
10,I shudder with guilt the whole time I've been watching... A movie where my heart gets ripped off... When you smile... I can't help but cry.
10,20 minutes into the main character and cheered for his life until the end
10,A movie that is honest and sad. a life-grateful movie
8,What is life as a human being a human being?
10,Poverty destroys the soul of man
10,The director and the real actor were the best
10,I almost cursed the parents who had children again
10,It is highly complete because it expresses what you were passionate about in a movie. It is the first time that I have seen the making film right after watching it.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. It makes me rethink my life.I recommend it
9,It proceeds calmly without any time to be sad or heartbroken. A place where dignity as a human being is lost without even the boundary between an adult and a child. I can't even imagine the weight a child will carry in a place like this
10,May all children in this land grow up to be respected and loved.
10,Who do you blame and curse at? There is only a sense of shame and helplessness about myself standing here and not being able to do anything. What a great life they are to curse their parents in that situation. Who knows how to do nothing worse than cheap sympathy and only blame?
10,Thank you for giving me a big lesson and a thrill.
10,It's touching. Make sure to watch it.
10,The smile of Mazimza Zain is long to be remembered
10,I can't believe I can only give you 10 points.
10,I remember children suffering anywhere in the world right now
10,Isn't it a documentary where you can see Nam Joo acting well? I can feel how grateful I am to live in Korea.
10,I've never seen such a depressing movie before that I can't take my eyes off two childrenI want to go around the world and make a donation and live my whole life
10,It's a movie that can't be expressed in words
10,It's so cruel that I can't watch it twice
10,It's a movie that makes me realize that being a parent also needs qualifications.Parents who have no ability to raise them are so busy fulfilling their sexual desires that they can't think about the consequences of their selfishness.Children born are guilty of meeting parents who aren't like their parents.May condominium supply and contraceptive education be activated in those poor countries.
8,I thought his acting was so realistic.There was a reason.^&^
7,A good movie doesn't suggest how to save the world
10,Touching. Touching. Touching. Touching
10,My heart was burning and I was going crazy
8,The child's expression represented the whole situation.
10,It just breaks my heart.I wonder if there are many children who are not cared for even though they have a large population.I hope there will be a world where we can spread our hopes
10,It breaks my heart to see you being so realistic. My heart aches.
10,I feel so sorry for Zain. And he's responsible. Cool... I'm sadder because it's a true story
10,My heart aches from beginning to end. A boy who wants to be loved.
10,It's so touching I really recommend it!
10,Phew... I'm upset. Really. Kids have to dream
9,Be humble. Be thankful for what you have rather than complain about what you don't have.  I'm embarrassed.
10,같은The same country has lower human rights for women.
10,She's such a pretty girl who can smile like this.Parents are the ones who steal laughter from this child.I don't know if a 12-year-old's head should look like that. feel suffocated
10,Why are people made so uncomfortable? Why is it so hard for us to grow up to be 'good people' alone? Why does it seem impossible for humans to become better people without care and love? I had a lot of thoughts while watching the movie.
10,Let's not be irresponsibleYou're all parents just because you're giving birth?
10,It's a realistic story.
1,Grading for reduction due to excessively high
1,That's too much
10,I've been feeling bitter all day Woollim is big. Live a happy life
9,I hope there will be no more pathetic parents who are poor and make their children get better and suffer.
10,It really resonates
10,It's a movie that I can't express in words
10,It's a sad reality.
10,I can't believe what happens to the same person on the same planet is right. I found meaning in the tears I shed endlessly.
10,A child's smile is an unforgettable movie of my life. It's a few inches above the Academy
10,I support your life with both hands
10,I watched it over and over again because the last Zain's smile was so pretty.It breaks my heart that reality is more cruel
10,A movie I want to show to hypocrites
8,Jjangkae and the Middle East and Africa are not places for people to live and are not people.
10,It's a true story. It's up to the parents to have a child. A child has never given up being a child. But society is not
10,It was very touching.A movie that everyone should watch
10,A movie that's not worth a hundred out of ten.There are so many people in this world.
9,- Please don't let me have a baby. - I don't think I'm going to have any more. - That baby in the boat is going to be born
10,A film that makes you reflect deeply on life.I can't forget my own eyes and tears.How many parents have children without responsibility?
10,The movie of my life that I saw a year later.
10,My heart hurt so much the whole time I watched it. I am so sad and angry that there are two hellish places without women's rights and children's rights in reality.
10,It was such a sad movie. I hope you're happy
1,I think it's going to be foam.
9,a man born with a smile unlike othersI hope your future will be full of happiness.
10,Howling that we cannot turn away from where we turn away.
9,How a boy teaches an adult. It is a tragedy in itself
10,I didn't expect to cry at the ending scene.I have nothing to say...crying
10,I should put aside cheap sympathy and think briefly about what I can do and act.My pain was a luxury and I lived like a dog pig.
10,It is the best movie of my life. Thank you so much for the good movie
10,I really want to recommend this movie.
10,I can't forget the last look on my face. The life of a young child who was struggling to survive in irresponsible adults was desperate and painful. Are we not grateful for what we have even though we already enjoy a lot and are greedy for more?
10,The last scene was just...I was so sad that I cried
10,I think it's realistic and it's a movie that should be noted in society You did a great job
10,I think you showed the exposure of children to poverty and crime very clearly. It's a movie that makes me think a lot
9,I was so surprised that it was the real story of the main character. An unprotected refugee child living an adult life and their story in the blind spot of human rights.
10,It hurts.
10,I can't forget the expression of the last self.
10,I can't help but be loved.
10,children whose acting is real Ishmael Bea's "The Way Home" book plus a movie that more people want to see.
10,I'm feeling overwhelmed.I hope all the children in the world can be protected and loved.
10,The heavy echo comes as a reflection on my life.Where is the god I believe in and that child's god headed now?
10,A place where even words of comfort and hope feel luxurious
10,a work of miracles Everything is great.
10,How can I explain this feeling in a movie with a long lingering feeling?  A heart-warming movie hoping that Zain and the rest of the cast will be happy! Zain! Please come back as an actor!
10,Please watch this movie. It's a movie that I can't watch without tears. I felt like I had lived in a movie all the time."Mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife." That's from the bottom of my heart.
10,People who don't take care of their children.Your eyes tell you a lot.
10,I saw a movie on U+ Uflix.Life is hell!!!
10,It's the movie of my life movie.I hope everyone watches it.
10,Life is a pain
10,I feel sorry for the sad reality
10,It shows that giving birth to a child in an unprepared social system home environment itself is abuse
10,I feel like I'm falling apart.
10,I couldn't believe it was a child's performance.Heartbreaking movie but moved by the acting of two children
9,An adult worse than a child.A better child than an adult.The eyes of the tired man are the first.It's such a desperate hardship for a child to go through.
10,This is a movie. Thank you
8,A movie that makes people who are dissatisfied with reality appreciate everything
10,I hope you are happy. please.
10,Became one of my life movies. How can that little kid be so charismatic? Is it because I experienced the novelty of the world too early at that young age? The cool and indifferent eyes that seem to transcend the world that comes out of those eyes... That's incredible What about the production? The storyline is so perfect that there's nothing more to say
10,I'm so embarrassed about the ID I get when I'm in jail for murder
10,It was a movie that reminded me of the responsibility of my life.
10,I can't forget the expression of myself enduring the pain of life throughout the movie.
10,I started watching the movie because I couldn't fall asleep at dawn. My heart ached so much that I cried my eyes out of coursecrying
10,I cried more because I remembered my cats from the street
10,My heart aches because of you who are somewhere else
10,I don't think it's a movie that I'm going to evaluate. My heart aches
10,I saw it twice! The main character's acting is the best.
10,Capernaum masculine nouns [speech] where you put junk... There was a jewel.
9,It was so touching
10,a speechless film
9,Isn't a mother's breast the most basic and reasonable thing that should be given to a baby? It's so sad that the situation of the two children who were deprived of it
10,a wordless film Make sure to watch it
10,A movie with a strong echo... I couldn't swallow the snack I was going to eat while watching the movie.
8,I can't say anything All human beings are precious as they are
10,I feel the basic value of life and thankfulness for it again
10,I cried for the first time after watching the movie.
10,It is a hundred times better than a Korean New Wave movie to cry while playing sad music. It's a movie that makes you want to cry
10,A movie that I saw by chance! It hurts so much that I can't help but cry. A child cannot live without love and compassion. Looking at you reminds me of my childhood and I understand why I was attracted to abused children.
8,A movie that made me shed more tears at the smile of my last self.
8,It is not rice and water that Africa needs most support. It's a condom
10,This is the first movie that lingers in my life for so long. I can't forget the movie because I feel overwhelmed.
10,I can't control my beating heart.
9,I was able to laugh.
10,A movie that makes you think of a lot of things
10,I was sad and laughed all the way
10,Acting prodigy. It's OOO. The baby
10,I should've seen this at the movies
10,My heart ached because Rahill's affection for his son Jonas felt like my heart. It's a great movie
10,It was a movie that I wanted to watch and give to my child. It's been a while since I saw a great movie
10,I cried and watched it again.  A son of Jonas' age is sleeping in the next room.  I'm going to give you a hug.
10,The number one priority over healthcare and food aid is the supply of contraceptives
10,Poor life and blackness
10,Revenge for life that doesn't even exist
10,I hope that the adult's life that comes to see the world once again will not be terrible. It was a movie that reminded me of becoming an adult who lives harder for the next generation.
10,a poignant movie while watching
10,The movie made my thoughts and eyes tear up
10,I loved the main character's acting
10,I saw it on TV. It's so sad.
10,I wonder if there's a god. I hope we can live well together in this year Really... at least there shouldn't be people starving to death. It's so sad
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot about Syrian refugees and parents and children. Your smile at the end leaves a lot of lingering feelings. It's the best movie ever.
10,Every scene left me deep in my heart.It's a great movie. There's a lot of stuff in it that makes me look back on my life
8,I think that 12-year-old kid has suffered more than I've ever done in my life
10,I don't know what to say and I can't say anything.
10,I logged in to get a perfect score It's been a while since I watched a proper movie May all the children in the world be safe and happy. And what should we do...
10,I feel guilty after watching the movie I feel sick of my greed
8,I remember what the Japanese writer said.We're born between poo and pee.
1,The United Nations and the United States are all blank. The African and Latin American civil wars are all to blame!
8,I thought a lot about it and it was good. But I'm not sure if it's well over nine points. I think it's about 8.5 points.
10,More than a movie. It shows life in plain sight. neither more nor lessThe facial expressions and eyes of a small teenager say everything.It's the best movie of the year.
10,I want to give you a round of applause
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.
10,My mom drank a lot of coffee when I was pregnant.
10,I'm looking forward to the movie that I'm going to watch on vacation Haha
10,The best movie... I hope the world comes for children
10,It makes me feel so many things. be heartbroken
8,Thank you and appreciate my life in Korea.
10,About a child's life and how he feels. It's a calm but loud movie.
4,What is it all about?
9,Life that I imagined but never felt like it was real life.
10,A difficult life seems to weigh too heavily on me.
10,a thought-provoking movie
10,The best movie I've ever experienced.
10,The best movie of my life movie.
10,I was so sad the whole time I watched it.
10,a work that strikes the dead end of life
10,It's a heartbreaking and lingering work.
10,Unlike a movie that mocked and caricatured poverty.
10,It's heartbreaking
10,The moment I feel ashamed of myself because there's nothing I can do other than watching a movie in my room
10,The Story of Lebanon's Tragic Heungbu
10,A movie that can't be expressed in one line review. I write it and erase it and leave it like this
1,Refugee Out Lebanese Sentimentals
10,...it's the best movie.
10,It's a sad movie but sorry for being an adult
10,I'm glad to see you. Thank you
10,The appearance of a calm boy who seemed to have been tamed by misfortune was more painful.
10,It's a movie that gives a lot of irresponsible parents a chance to reflect. It was a movie worth watching even if I paid more.
6,I'm disappointed
10,It's touching. It's like my favorite movie
10,Every action of my own was painful as if it pierced my heart. The last photo shoot and the postscript were painkillers that reduced the pain. It's the most painful. I think it's the best movie
10,It was the best performance I've seen this year
10,Will we be able to evaluate this movie?
10,Didn't he want as much as he did to Jonas? Your smile is the most touching.
10,What should I do?
9,I'm just thankful that I was born in Korea.Hell Chosun. Hell Chosun Street is recommended by people.
10,I've never cried this much while watching a movieIt's a trick
9,I didn't expect to cry at this age after watching a movie. The content of children suffering is always the most painful.
10,an unforgettable film
10,My husband's responsibility is worse than Zain's - a stuffed pig
10,I have a lot of thoughts after watching it
10,Touching movie. Touching movie
10,The movie that I dare not find fault. Everything was good from the casting. I watched the movie with tears in my eyes for the last half hour.
10,I couldn't help but cry because of this reality.Watching movies like this makes me think that I should work harder. I hope Zain is happy.
10,A movie that makes me feel ashamed for complaining about my life
10,It's a good movie I enjoyed it
10,It's a movie that's touching and lingering. It was worth the Cannes Film Festival jury award.
10,I screamed when I found Jonas.
10,It's been a week since...
10,I can't forget the last smile
10,Who took away his smile?
10,I can't forget the last smile. Gavanaugh. I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,I have nothing to say. A true ten-point movie
10,How can it be so scary?
10,I respect you and respect you. I always respect you. I love you with a grateful heart Parents
10,I can't express my feelings easily. May hope and blessings be with them and everyone in that life now.
8,It was an opportunity to rethink the importance of freedom
10,I'm sad because it's a true story.Juyeon is also sadder because she is a child whose birth was not registered.
10,No one around even knows there's a movie like this.
10,I will never forget my smile.
10,After watching this movie... I couldn't sleep. It is not easy to talk about movies with indescribable shock and pain. I recommend you to watch it.
10,This is perfect for movie acting
10,My heart aches because it's so realistic.
10,It's a touching movie Recommend.
10,It's more heartbreaking than sad because you can't guess. Was there really nothing his parents could do?
10,It's a very good movie.
7,A place where it is a luxury for children to sleep comfortably. Gavanaugh
10,an exploratory film
10,A movie that I couldn't laugh or cry about
10,I lost what to say.
10,It's a movie that makes you reflect on yourself a lot It's a masterpiece with a rating of 10...
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,a movie that makes one look back on life
10,a very exotic country A movie that breaks my heart and makes me look back on my life
10,This is not a movie! It's real
8,A child trying to take responsibility in the midst of adults trying to pass on responsibility. Who is the adult?
10,Makes me think deeply about myself.
10,It's a movie that everyone should watch
9,Children are not guilty because there are many adults who are worse than children
10,...Recommend.The word parasite comes out here too.Come on...
10,Wow... I can't forget the smile of the last person. The first time I smiled at the end of the movie...
10,It's a great movie I'm tearing up
10,I watched my favorite movie with my daughter and I like her
10,A dark... And a bright smile like a fluorescent light at the end. My heart aches.
10,Touching...I want to look back at least once in my life...
10,I'm crying. I hope everyone in the world will be happy by making this movie so well I realized that every little thing is really important to us
7,No one can blame a child
10,I think about what role I will play from the perspective of being a parent who lives in the present and raises children. What kind of parents would I be?
10,Who did we cry at?
10,It's the best movie ever.I pay tribute to the director to all the actors and even Jonas.
10,I'm touched twice that he's actually playing his life
10,I'm feeling overwhelmed.
10,I cried a lot. I wish there were fewer kids like Zane.
10,I watched half of the movie crying
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot in my life
10,A movie that reminded me of the reason for my existence in my life
10,It's a tearful movie.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,Parasite in Korea and Parasite in Lebanon. Is the world of human life hell or heaven?
10,Nothing is fake. Everyone is real.His eyes are also more poignant because he has no choice but to do so.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,My smile was so bright that I cried without realizing it. I don't know what to say I was so sad.
10,The acting was so real that it was weird.It was real...I felt it while watching the movie. I should be thankful.It's the movie of my life movie.
10,I hope you will be happy as a child who is respected and loved
10,I guess it felt like a documentary because the main character showed the reality
10,How should we act to live without consuming sympathy? a reflective film
10,It's a good movie that leaves a feeling of melancholy and lingering emotions. My heart aches for the maturity of trying to give love to a newborn baby in a difficult situation that I didn't get from my parents at a young age. I hope it will be a world where these children can live happily.
10,It's not easy for an adult to raise a child. That tiny little body holding the baby is a close call. With an incredibly strong sense of responsibility as a child... I'm still feeling emotional after the movie.
10,It was touching.
10,Sigh... Oh...
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,I watched the movie introduction and the theme was interestingThank you
10,There's no need for words. - Just look
10,I have nothing more to say. And the true story is so sad
10,I'm really surprised that 12 does this.
10,It wasn't just sad. It was fun because the composition was solid. It's a movie that shouldn't be fun. It wasn't a waste of time.
10,I tried to hold it in and it ended up bursting.
8,an indisputable inheritance of anger from parent to child
10,The reason why a movie should be made
10,May God be with you.
10,I should always live with gratitude.
10,Shaking... It's my life movie!
7,Let's always be thankful for the current situation
10,It's a sad story.
9,I can relate to the saying that children are the greed of their parents.
10,I cried my eyes out because of you who do not cry like a child in the midst of sorrow and pain...Like a child...
10,It's really well-made. His acting was great. And I liked it because it was a happy ending.
10,I can't forget my own eyes
10,The weight of the miserable life that must have been carried by a small and delicate soul to pull out a sword with a brackish hand makes me tear up
10,The life we enjoyed was so luxurious and rich.This is really a movie.
9,It's a movie that makes me feel a lot.Jain and Jonas are so good at acting
10,I hope so many people in the world can live a happy day even if it's a raw story that makes me feel sad after watching this movie
7,It's a movie worth thinking about.
10,A movie about a boy who wants to be a good and great man who accuses his parents of suffering and poverty in his life
10,The last scene will be remembered forever.
10,It is a movie that tells you that you are happy from being born and living in Korea
10,I cry when I see your smile
10,The most valuable movie I've seen this year
8,My heart was heavy the whole time I watched it.I came to think a lot about poverty and the lives of refugees and the role of their parents
10,A movie that reminds me of the meaning of life
10,I'm tearing up
10,It's a really heartbreaking movie. Teary tears at the child's cry!
10,I watched an impressive movie after a long time.
10,It was a shocking movie. I think the two best child actors I will remember the most in my life. Syrian refugees and illegal aliens in Kenya. I'm surprised again by the behind-the-scenes story of the last ending credit casting.
8,The sound of Zain running is still vivid in my ears
10,The irony of punishing those who don't exist in the world. It wasn't that the boy couldn't smile. I can't get rid of the smile of my self in the ending scene.
10,A movie that doesn't waste stars...
10,I wish the heartbreaking movie Zain was happy
10,It's such a precious movie. I'm speechless.
10,I felt humble myself sympathizing with their lives
10,It's a movie that breaks my heart.
10,The movie that made me realize how happy my complaints are
10,I can't forget the boy's eyes
10,It's the most touching!I hope I can see you in other movies
1,I can't believe it's real
10,I thought my heart was breaking because I was in pain
8,I thought it was a meaningful movie and I enjoyed it
10,There is nothing to see in a place of adversity
1,The score is too high. Let's lower it
8,I feel overwhelmed and applaud the boy's courage and effort...^
10,It's a must-see movie this year
10,It was so touching. I managed to find it on the last day and it was so touching.
9,A movie that makes me think a lot.This is a movie.
10,It was so real that I felt guilty. I almost adopted him.
10,Jonas is so cute.I keep thinking of Zain carrying a heavy baby...I was so ashamed of myself when I saw Zain.
10,A movie where no one stood up a minute after the ending credit went up. A heartbreaking feeling lingers throughout the day.
9,It's a really touching movie.
10,This is the best movie ever.My heart is choking up the whole time I'
9,I enjoyed watching it!!
10,Thank you for the good movie. It's really the best.
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpieceA really well-made movie...The director is amazing. I hope many people watch it
10,It's so sad. Your kindness breaks my heart even more
10,There's no point in stars
10,be short of ten stars
10,I keep thinking about Zain. I watched a great movie.
10,a film that gives a gentle echo
10,My heart was heavy the whole time I watched it. I wonder if that's the only way children can live who can't even prove they're human. I hope that the organization called Gavanaugh will keep its meaning and meaning well.
9,A growth film in which an unintended life survives on its own. I hope you're happy
10,I don't really watch movies like this Because I get depressed...But it shows the reality of human rightsI feel sorry.
10,It's a must-see movie
9,Life is like XX...
10,a film that reminds us of the meaning of the word human rights
10,Whoo - what a great movie.I'm becoming infinitely ashamed of myself.
8,Can I act like him in that situation?
8,I hope Zaini is happy. Please
8,The answer is that life is not born.
10,It was sad and touching that the child's world approached in a realistic way.
10,It's a movie that makes you cry when the credits go up. I hope that thoughts and practices come together at the boundary between reality and movies.
8,Tears didn't stop at the desperate situation of the heartbreaking boy. The film's directing power and fresh camera composition were enough to amplify the sadness.
10,It's a movie that made me think that I should live like a true adult who is not ashamed to watch children and it's really touching
9,A good movie. A movie you want to watch more
10,It's the best. There's no needless words
10,I'm heartbroken.If watching this movie can help you...I hope to see a lot of movies like this.
10,"Have you ever lived like me? That's never gonna happen." …… The director is a genius. The script gives me goosebumps. And the acting gives me goosebumps..
10,I hope a lot of people will watch it. It's been a while since we last met. Ah... The birth of this year's movie
10,I couldn't point my finger at the people who were born in the poor country itself and didn't know and learn. It was a story of people they wanted to bring out of the world they knew.
10,The tears that I held back from the tears I held back...
10,I hate the world and it's so unfair
10,I don't know what to say.
10,What kind of parents can I be? It breaks my heart that the boy asks me not to let my parents have children anymore. I shouldn't have... I'm sorry.
10,It's heartbreaking.  I hope rich people don't get greedy to have more and contribute to society.
10,I hope you can dream of being loved and respected and live a life where you can laugh your heart out!
10,The child's smile rather made me cry.
10,It's so sad... A moving movie that I haven't seen in a while
10,I saw Zain smile for the first time in the last scene. She's so pretty when she smiles.
9,I think the reason why it remains lingering is that the actual characters told their stories.
10,A little boy gives a big aftertaste...Ps. Jonas is cute
8,It was good to see the other side of the world as a documentary and drama-like movie
10,I hope that there will be more works like Gavanaugh that can contribute to social issues I won't forget your smile for a while
10,Have you ever been miserable like us?And another sinner who gives birth to another baby
10,First list of my life movies
10,My heart feels numb. I keep thinking of Jonas' face
10,What if you accuse God? What would you plead if you set up a god in court?
10,Watch the best movie
10,My heart is choked upcrying
10,You don't even have feelings?
10,The last scene of the movie brought tears to my eyes. I can't believe I saw your expression in the last scene.
10,A story we need to know. I couldn't stop crying
9,I hope all adults in the world can watch it
10,A movie that makes me look back on myself
10,The media and commenters who promoted unnecessary hatred and fear of refugees for political use should watch this movie and reflect on themselves
10,It was a life I didn't know.
10,My heart aches. I'm embarrassed
10,The last scene is a movie that makes you think a lot
9,How did you make it?
10,Life movie. I felt guilty after watching it.
10,It was a movie that made me think about myself again.
10,A man who was forced to make the same choice in the end.
10,Calmly washing his brother's underwear with menstrual blood. It's very sad. Thank you so much for making such a good work.
8,I'm satisfied. Please watch it^^.
10,I thought that I wanted all the people in the world to be happy. It should be remembered that 'parents' are not only life-bearing beings.
10,I don't know if I deserve to cry.There's still a place like that on Earth.I hope the miracle in the movie will happen in real life...
10,The best movie! Heartbreaking and choking movie! Strongly recommend!
10,What can I do?
10,It's so sad and it hurts
10,How many in this country...Parents who just give birth to my greed without thinking and don't care how I grow up...The last child's smile tells everything. It's a really well-made movie
10,I couldn't get out of his eyes for a while.
10,It's a must-see movie. I was glad to see this movie after the movie.
9,Thank you for your life. I feel even more sad because there will be so many Zain Sahars right now.
10,Wouldn't it be more inhumane to criticize for being inhumane? It was a movie that made me ashamed of myself for being indifferent to the other world.
10,I feel so sorry for the babies
8,A meaningful movie is certain
10,A glimpse into the reality of Syrian refugees and irresponsible parents
10,My heart hurts... My heart hurt so much that I cried my eyes out.
10,I reflected on my mind when I looked at and judged with prejudice against the wanderers and sulky people on the street. I think our society needs a lot of love.
10,It was hard to look at the screen at the moment when Ja-in's confession that "living is like crap" overlapped with Ja-in's appearance being dragged out to court. How can a child's unfocused eyes be so pitiful... ...with no end to despair?
10,A lump of a 12-year-old boy who was forced to sue his parents rises desperately between the thick cigarette smoke and the absurdity of the hot sun.
10,The movie you have to watch because of the last scene
10,It's a movie to recommend!
10,It's a movie that makes me think more about the Korean Peninsula
9,Heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart
8,It's good to watch a movie that makes you think a lot twice
10,The movie reminded me of "Nobody Knows" directed by Hirokazu Koreeda throughout the movie. My heart ached throughout the movie.
10,May you and your friends live well!
10,It's a sad movieIt's a movie about what kind of parents I have to live with
10,A movie that is 100 times more meaningful than other movies.
10,Let's increase the number of theaters so that we can watch more of these movies like this please
10,A life movie that doesn't need words!
10,Please make sure no one has seen the best movie in their lives
8,I couldn't think of anything to say it was someone's fault after watching the movie or how I could help them.It's so sad that we can't help but sit on the sidelines and accuse the society of what the film says. I want to give you a standing ovation.All other people deserve to be loved and respected
10,I wish all the children in the world would be protected and happy
10,A movie that is so real that even the pain and sadness are considered for fundamental problems
10,This kind of movie should open a lot of theaters.
10,Best movie. How could you make a movie like this without God's will?  I pray for the children.
10,Let's work hard and be thankful!
10,A must-see movie after the Green Book. The actor's acting and directing skills are great. an artifice reflected in reality that reflects reality
9,Get over it. Life starts now
10,A movie that makes you think and act with your head and body
10,Help these kids. Don't ask for help because they're grown-up refugees
10,Wow! I'm touched느There's no one like Noir.It's an amazing piece that makes you think a lot
10,That was a trick! I'm so thankful that I can watch this kind of movie
10,You're gonna call us names But you'll never be like us
10,The best movie I've seen this year...I'm going to finish my review for the first time.
10,The movie that makes me thankful for what I have is a sad and sad movie.
10,Thank God I wasn't born in an Islamic country
10,I feel uncomfortable watching and feel like I'm stabbing a needle in the heart. I wish there would be more places where these movies are shown than ordinary killing time moviesI watched it at COEX.
9,How extreme poverty drives people... The boy who refused to give up until the end in it was really tearful and great. It's a shame that I watched it so late.
10,Make it easier to see social problems. a movie made with a heavy heart I decided to worry about the world as everyone's.Recommendation. A movie that takes time. The child was an adult.
10,I've lived my life to the fullest to hear the last line
10,What a movie!The movie that I could concentrate on for 2 hours... It's been a while
10,Zain's acting skills are superb. The eyes that just popped out of real life...
10,I can't forget the heavy emotions I read in my own expression
10,I'm touched. It's the best
10,A movie that makes me ashamed of myself for being materialistic.
10,I watched a movie with a message after a long time. a film that is not flashy but has a genuine echo
10,Who can throw a stone at a 12-year-old who sued his parents?
10,I was so glad and thankful that I was not born as a refugee.A movie that makes me feel grateful for everything.
9,Would you still say there's a god?
8,It was a movie that made me think about the reality that I was in
10,Life movie. Why are the biggest victims of all the wrong things children?
10,Is this the world that the anarchists and Darcy want? It's such a hard movie
8,It's a moving and good movie
9,It's amazing and touching! The acting is too good to be an amateur actor.
10,It was very impressive. It's a masterpiece
10,He's not an actor. He's a real hero I didn't know the time went by
10,Realist work showing the reality of refugees. There are many people living harsh lives in the global village.
10,It's the best movie everIt's getting heart-breaking and warm
10,It's the best movie everIt's getting heart-breaking and warm
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch it!
10,I can't stop crying.
10,The ringing sound lingers for a while.
10,Best movie. Refugees are all our problems
10,It was the first movie of the year ~
10,I recommend a meaningful movie.
10,A movie that you must watch. A movie that makes you look back on your life
10,It's heartbreaking to see if it's acting or real
10,The director's delivery is great.
10,The movie made me think that our daily lives will be a legacy to future generations.You have to live your day well and be a responsible adult.
10,A movie that brings tears to a child's eyes when he smiles
10,I look forward to the peace and development of the Middle East as soon as possible.
10,I'm so touched that you cast real refugee children
10,The movie that made me look back on my life is the best
10,I have nothing to say.You'll know when you see it.
10,Touching. This is called touching
8,A movie that reminds me of "Nobody Knows" by Hirokazu Koreeda
9,It's so much fun
10,It makes us reflect on the attitude of our lives that we do our best.A good movie that lingers for a long time~^^
1,Documentary Gatta Is Not Fun
10,I think it's a great movie
10,It hurts more because it's real
8,The kids' acting doesn't seem like acting
10,I was so sad that there weren't many theaters  It was a pathetic movie that made me think a lot about whether a parent was responsible for having a child
10,I cried the whole time  I hope the world will be a happy world for the kids
10,a movie full of unexpected
8,Tears welled up from the last boy's smile
10,I'll never forget the world that's in your eyes
10,a fundamental review of a world full of miserable children
10,It's a bit cold from the start to the end of the movie. Phew...
10,I cried because my heart hurt so much when Zain laughed. I will cheer for Zain and Jonas to be happy for a long time.
10,"I sue my parents." That's a great saying.What's the point of having a lot of babies when a child is dead and it's okay to be pregnant again? It's a masterpiece that's shocking and touching
10,What a great movie! I'll have to watch it again!
8,I got emotional seeing you being realistic and bare
10,A very valuable and meaningful movie
10,Hell Joseon is nothing
8,I realized how happy my environment is
10,A movie that lingers too long...
10,I'm embarrassed. I'm not satisfied
10,Make sure to watch the best movie of your life!
10,Adult ignorance is a sin. Pain is a child's job. crying
10,It was such a heartbreaking movie. It's a movie that makes me ashamed of myself for giving up half my life and living.
10,You have to be happy. I couldn't help but cry when I saw the last scene
10,Is it joy to be born in the world? Is it a curse? My head is lowered because I want to be comfortable. Isn't luxury a sin because a glass of thoughtless water depends on who dies and lives?What would it have been like if I were born as Zain?
10,Thank you for letting me see it.It's a movie that went in with a light heart and felt the weight of life.
8,It's a movie that makes you think a lot.
8,A reality that can't end with a happy ending
8,There was a lingering effect in the last scene.
8,Tragedy when parents are not like parents
10,It was touching. It was heartbreaking.
10,I couldn't say anything for a long time after the movie.Everyone was sorry. Can even the characters in this movie be completely criticized?
10,I was surprised to see the movie. I was surprised to see the real story. I was surprised to see the movie. I was surprised to see the reason why I made this movie. I was surprised to see it. I'm glad I didn't know
10,There is no child born wanting to be born. It is the best.
10,I watched an unforgettable movie.
10,I transferred it raw to the screen.a documentary scenarioI sighed the whole time. At the ending...But I can't stop crying.
10,The tears I shed after watching this movie are the tears of Garbernaum.
10,What human dignity can be viewed with the eyes of a minority. I hope everyone who thinks they're unhappy will take a look at it's
10,Don't feel sorry for him. I hope he can help
10,The story of all refugee children.
10,The movie was short of 10 points. I could learn a lesson in many ways
10,It was the best. crying
10,It made me think a lot.
9,What can I do for broken human dignity?
9,It's a movie that makes you think a lot
10,It's a movie that makes me sad and sad and makes me think a lot!
10,It's heartbreaking to see that there are kids out there who don't even know they're being abused
10,My heart ached the whole time I watched it.It's a shame that there aren't many places that show this movie
10,It's a movie that's hard to say. But a good movie!
1,A movie like this... It's okay
10,a film that makes one's eyes water
8,I guess the world is still bearable because strangers may be warmer than blood-sharing families.
10,I can't forget the ending scene
10,A movie that makes you think a lot
10,a heartwarming film
10,I'm sorry for the word "the best". I'm root for you
10,Jain's smile is so pretty...
10,Tears welled up Tears welled up
10,It's a touching movie that can't be believed to have starred non-professional people.
10,It makes me rethink how to live and what's important.
10,I hope you watch a movie that's sad and sad
10,It's a movie that makes you feel a lot...
10,I watched the movie with (G)I-DLE
8,A child who doesn't know what happiness is tries to live the world.Those who know that birth is not a blessing are in tears.
10,A movie that changes the way you think about refugees...
10,I just wanted to sit and cry even though the movie credit went upI wanted to see you smile morea heartbreaking movie
10,A movie that makes you reflect on living your life
9,It's a heartbreaking movie.You have a beautiful smile on your face
10,The most meaningful and touching movie
10,It's a movie that makes me think about what's really important
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's the best
10,You'll have to watch it.
10,I was so happy and sad when Jain laughed. I think it will last for a long time
10,Thank you for the last laugh
10,Your smile is rather sad. I'm touched
10,a must-see movie
10,Someone's acting will improve over time. But you won't be able to play this movie. May the male lead grow up beautifully
10,I can't forget the look on my face.
10,Best movie ever. Jonas must have had a hard time
10,It's a movie that's touching even if you watch it again and again
10,Tears didn't stop in our lives that we couldn't even measure.
10,Because you gave birth to me. crying
8,It makes me think a lot.
10,Your wish: I wanted to be respected and helpful
10,The story of pure souls bearing the horrors of life
10,I can't say anything after watching the movie. I thought what I was saying would be cheap sympathy.
10,A film that reminds everyone of the importance of what they have
10,This needs to be in the "Captain Marvel" movie
10,Wow... That's awesome.
7,I think it's a movie that makes you think about human existence and the dignity of human existence
10,a miraculous movie I respect you.
10,It's a movie that's really exciting.
10,This is a movie. Let's make it like this!
9,It's so cruel that there's nothing I can't do
9,the inheritance of poverty through ignorance and irresponsibility. a film that calmly shows its violence
9,It's a frustrating human rights movie. The whole mess.
10,It was a meaningful movie
10,a movie that makes you think deeply
10,I cried a lot when I went to watch it alone I really want my parents to see it
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. I recommend you to watch it
9,I hope they can smile in real life
10,This is not necessarily a story of another country.Irresponsible pregnancy and childbirth make everyone unhappy...The heart of your brother and Jonas.That affection was conveyed to me as it was..."It breaks my heart...My mom's words stab me in the chest like a knife."
10,a knife-stabbing film
10,It's your first rating. The best movie
10,a movie full of gloomMaybe he just turned a blind eye to the fact that many people in the world are still suffering from poverty and threatened with survival.I had a lot of thoughts throughout the movie I wish I could lead the whole world not to think but to practice.
10,The last one with a bright smile
10,Ha... This kind of movie should take over the theater.
10,Make sure you watch it. Watch it twice.
10,I haven't seen a proper movie in years
10,a heartbreaking film You're responsible for the birth?  a must-see movie
10,Maybe it's something our parents might have been through.And it's even more heartbreaking to know that the young actor in the movie was cast in a similar environment
10,It's a great movie. It's a great movie.I was surprised
10,I hope many people watch this movie and sympathize with it and think deeply for a while.
10,It's a heartbreaking movieThere are a lot of alarms.
10,It's my first time getting a rating. It's just the best
9,The actors were amazed by the street casting and applauded their performance.I also cheer for their hard lives.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot about childbirth and a sense of responsibility
10,a story someone must be going through
10,Reflections on my life that I thought was unhappy
10,It's so touching
10,"You have to become a good adult."
8,I thought about why people live
10,It's a really good movie. I strongly recommend it
10,It's such a shame that there are so few theaters for such movies. All human beings should be respected. It's a work that showed it with eyes.
8,Please let it spread.
10,Zain and Jonas are so cute and their acting is so realistic. It's a movie that gives a lot of messages
10,It's been a long time since I felt overwhelmed at the theater and reflected on myselfThe acting skills of all the cast members are beyond description
10,A movie you shouldn't miss. It is also surprising that they cast and filmed real refugees.
10,I'm so ashamed of being greedy and whining about life. I'm touched and complimented
10,I was so touched by the movie
10,I've never seen such a heartbreaking movie
10,Wow... Whose fault is it?
10,Life and movies that I don't dare comment on
8,I feel dizzy because the screen is shaking. I have a lot of thoughts at the end
10,Please don't let me have any more babies I can't stop crying even after the movie.I can feel the pain that the child must have had.I want everyone to see it
10,Look at this! It makes me look back on my life
10,Look at this! It makes me look back on my life
10,Your acting is amazing. It's so touching
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot about life.
10,A movie that anyone who's going to be a parent should watch once. It tells us that we all have a right to be loved and respected.
10,I'm sure she's just like me
10,Did you feel that their lives were uncivilized? You think you're more human than them because your lives are better than them?We were just lucky.
10,Will we be different after watching this movie?
10,The best movie! It's a great movie!I was surprised again that it was filmed with real people and I want everyone to watch it!! It's my favorite movie
10,A movie that depicts the reality that is still happening somewhere.
10,I was very sad because the movie was a reflection of reality.
10,It was a long film. Recommend.
10,It was a good movie that made me feel a lot of things. It's touching.
10,A movie that makes me cherish my life now
10,The 12-year-old boy's cry is tearful and heartbreaking.It's a movie that will remain in my memory for a long timeI strongly recommend it
10,The least protectedYou're saving NARS
10,Refugees should receive dignity and love as human beings. It is a painful movie.
10,It makes me think a lot. You must see it.
10,I'm tearing up and my heart is breaking
10,It's a movie that resonates a lot. I think it'll linger for a long time
10,It's not boring at all. It's fun I heard you cast actors. That's
10,I really enjoyed it!
10,But you're still going to be born
10,It was sad but I got more angry.The fact that you're having a baby in the second half of the reality is...I agree that every child is a parent's greed.
10,It's a touching movie. Jain is the best!
9,I felt relieved only when I saw the last smile of Jain. I hope the earth will be where lovely children can live happily.
10,I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.This is really a movie.
10,It's not a sympathetic movie. It was a movie that showed how painful the reality of the bottom of Middle Eastern society can be.
10,I can't forget the devastated look on my face as I put my child in a pot and walked down the streetI support you to live a valuable life with a new life in Norway
10,I didn't think much and I feel heavy
10,Zain Alaphia... I wish you happiness and blessings.
10,It's a movie that makes me realize that I have to live like a parent I've come all the way here on purpose because there aren't many theatersa commercial world in which good movies have become difficult to watch comfortably
10,I must not forget that there are always people who are suffering on the other side of the comfort and comfort I enjoy.
10,It's a must-see movie once.
10,It was so sad if everyone saw it
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,I can't forget Jonas' innocent face in Zain's
10,A real movie with a message!
10,Thank you to the production crew for rescuing the children. And what should I see and do. What can you do?
10,Acting was possible because it was them
9,It was nice to be able to think deeply after a long time.
10,The bitter aftertaste still makes my heart ache
10,A true story that happens on the other side of the world! a poignant movie
10,The main character boy who was trying to wipe away the tears to survive and save continues to glimmer! I'm worried about how to live well and what I can do for people who are born the same human being under the same sky and whose basic dignity has been trampled on
10,..so that I can be sad and think a lot
9,I look back on myself for not being satisfied with what I was given. I hope everyone can watch a meaningful movie
10,It's a movie that we must watch in this era.It was impressive
9,Look at the people who live fast and have a hard life
10,I want to thank the director for making this movieI think this is a movie
10,A movie that children and parents should watch together
10,A movie that anti-abortion people want to watch
10,I couldn't get up afterwards
10,It's more tragic because it's not acting but reality
10,I felt pity.
10,It was so sad and touching.
10,I think about my qualifications to be a parent. There seem to be a lot of people who shouldn't be parents. It's not just the lack of money. You need a personality test before you become a parent.
10,You have to see it. It makes you feel responsible.
10,A movie that you'd regret if you hadn't watched it.
10,I remembered Gavanaugh and prayed for the children of that land.A man who is more mature than his parents!Every little act of you who cares about your brother Sahar still remains sad
10,It's a great movie. The director and the actors who actually acted seem to have seen a documentary.The director who captures this on video is respectful and amazing. I hope you watch it. More than 100 Marvel movies plastered with flashy CGs...
10,A cute Jonas. a commendable person I wish you happiness
10,A movie that makes me feel sad. The movie that I want many people to see...
10,It's the best move ever
10,It was sadder to see your last smile.a great movie
9,Born in South Korea.A movie that makes me feel grateful for meeting good parents.with a heavy heart
9,Don't make a fuss
10,It's such a good movie. I can't forget the feeling of sadness after watching it
10,Sigh... The reality is that I feel sorry for even shedding a tear. The world is driven by the 1% who have all that money
9,I hope a lot of people saw it.
10,a movie with a heavy message
7,Rekindling thoughts of motherhood. What a bunch of women who abandon their children irresponsibly due to financial difficulties. It's a movie that single mothers must watch because a child who doesn't have to avoid it or give up on children is responsible for being the head of the household
9,Wounded children cover too early. (My Mister)
10,I can't forget the smile of my last selfA real movie that you really need to watch.
9,The unbearable lightness of existence.No one can be born by choice
10,Even the teaching voice is soft
10,It is a movie that makes us think about the best part of the world we live in. I felt that this was a real movie. I hope many people will watch this movie.
10,I felt that it was a luxury that I'm having a hard time now.
9,the desperate cry of a child who grew up before his parents A good world should be a world where children can live.
10,It's a movie where you can see the reality of life happening in one place in the world.
10,Don't forget the obvious reality
10,I wish you a better life.
10,A movie where you can think about giving birth and raising children without responsibility
10,It makes me think a lot and it lingers for a long time! It's touching.
10,I was ashamed of the lipstick that rolled around because I bought it and didn't use it.
10,I hope this movie will lead a better life
9,A movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings...
10,It's a good movie with deep emotion.
10,It's my first time to watch a movie for more than two hoursMake sure you watch it. It's the first time in your 40s
10,You shouldn't be a parent before you watch this movie
10,You just have to watch it! You have to watch it!
10,I'm going to write a score for the first time I don't think 10 stars can capture the echoes and teachings of this movie  I commend the director
9,It was a movie that made me realize so many things with immersion during the long running time. I was once again surprised that the young actors acted really well and were actual refugees.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel heavy and makes me think a lot. Thank you.
10,A movie that's so heartbreaking and sad.I want to look up all the other films of director Lee.
9,I had a hard time holding back my tears.
10,a story about your life
10,I watched it heartbreakingly. It was heartbreaking to see the current social problem that I couldn't turn a blind eye to.
10,I hope Korean people will feel uncomfortable after watching this movie
10,Life movie. The power to appreciate who I am and to think about human rights
10,A movie that makes the movies I've seen so far insignificant.What a bloody world it is it?
10,I watched a movie because of my friend's recommendationI feel like I'm still in the back of my mindI want to see other people at least once
10,I keep thinking that my life is dirtier than shoes...I can't forget the way you kissed Yones and cried while cutting your hairI think it's been a while since I saw a trick that memory
9,a film beyond description
10,It's a movie that I watch with pain like a knife.
10,I think everyone should watch the movie at least once.
10,Why universal birth registration is needed...It's a movie that tells you with a gentle touch~~~
10,It impresses me a lot and makes me deeply reflect on myself.
10,I don't know what to say.No comment seems to express the value of the film.
10,I really want this reality to disappear anywhere in the world~~
10,Make sure you watch it. I knew why you got a standing ovation
10,Your last smile is so pretty and sentimental that it will linger for a long time.
10,I was surprised to see the ending caption that he's a Syrian refugee I learned a lot from this movie You didn't do anything wrong. It's the irresponsible adults. I hope irresponsible adults reflect on themselves after watching the movie because the children who are loved and raised are suffering from hunger and poverty
10,The smile brought tears to my eyes.
10,It was so realistic that I couldn't hold back my tears when Ji-an laughed the last time the pain came in.
10,A boy's cry for the right not to be born. My heart sinks within me.
10,Please don't let my parents have any more children
9,She can smile so beautifully.I cried when I saw him smile
10,The movie's gaze overlooking the houses of the poor with the roofs pressed by tires makes us all like "Gods in Pain." Is it God or us who turn away from them? A movie that makes you worry ^^;;
10,It's a masterpiece. Real...
10,I think I can still hear what you were saying with your eyes.There's a lot of afterimage left.
10,It is heartbreaking. I remember a kid selling bracelets on the street during his trip to the Philippines.
10,The last scene is the best movie I've ever seen. Thank you for the good movie.
10,I'd like to file a complaint against people who didn't give me a 10 rating^^
10,I recommend it. That's too bad. I get angry while watching it.
10,You're the best. I cried the whole time
10,I think I need a lot of attention and help in that situation as I feel sad that I can't say anything
9,A movie that is more heartbreaking to know that reality is more than a movie
9,Thank you for the great movie.
10,Humans soon go extinct.It's just a matter of when that time is.
10,Children's basic lives must be protected You have to be responsible for the name of your parents
10,..I was so happy and heartbroken to see Jain's smile at the end. He's only 12 years old.
10,Do we hear their cries?
10,It's a movie that made us think about what to do from the perspective of living comfortably with a new angle that there will be many people living in difficulty in the world.
10,I saw it well... It's making my heart ache...
10,It was the first time that I couldn't calm down after the movie. I can't forget the last kid's smile
10,Where did it go wrong and the world is weighing on this child's shoulders?
8,A lot of female audiences are crying. It's a movie that makes your heartbreakingThank you
10,It was such a touching and great acting
10,I recommend you to watch it~~
10,This movie should be watched by the whole nation.
10,I'm afraid I'll forget this movie
9,You're the best. You're the best. You're the best
9,I wonder if it's happening in this era. It makes me look back on the reality of our country. I once again thought that children's basic rights should be guaranteed anywhere and at any moment.
9,I wanted to be respected and a good person
10,It is human instinct to want to be loved. Everyone should be loved.
10,It's a movie that can't leave even after the movie is over.I was so sad
10,Spending two hours watching this movie is the best thing I did this year
10,Best movie. Mental economic parental qualification.
8,the darkness that can't
9,It's a movie that many people want to see. I have a lot of thoughts. I want to watch it and have a discussion
10,Let's all live together.
10,Watching movies makes me feel sadA movie that you must watch. A movie that's worth paying for without getting a discount
10,It was touching and sad crying
10,I'm sorry I'm only shedding tears.
10,The world was too harsh for a child who wanted to be a good adult.
10,The lingering feeling lingers for several days. The smile of the last self lingers in my head.
10,It's a shame why there are so few movie theaters showing these kinds of movies. It's a heart-rending movie.
9,Thank you so much. I felt it!
1,They're doing well right now
10,This is how I get my life movie...a wordless film
8,President Park Chung-hee who helped me escape from poverty.
10,a realistic work
10,It's good. It's really good...
10,You're an acting genius!
8,Desperate appeals from each actor to each actor.
10,I was embarrassed throughout the movie.
10,What made your life like this?It lingers in my head throughout the movie.
10,It was a movie that resonated deeplyYour first and last smile is so pretty
10,Don't have children if you don't have money and don't have the confidence to be a good father or mother. It's the worst crime committed against a child.
9,The first hour was a little boring and I was immersed in the next hour. It's worth watching.
10,I felt various emotions while watching the outer ear at the new starting point.
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time
10,Actions are responsible...
10,I can't forget your smile at the ending scene.
10,It's perfect! It's really good! It's the best!
10,The one that I chose after watching the preview.Gavanaugh...It's my favorite movie. I would have regretted it if I didn't watch it.^^
10,My heart ached at his smile. May that smile continue
9,It's brilliant. It' It's touching.
9,hot tears streaming with all sorts of thoughts
10,The best movie that really doesn't need a modifier
10,My mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife. I wish a child could be like a child.
10,The best movie ever! I hope the Gavanaugh Foundation will continue to help children. I can't forget your eyes. It's a must-see movie. I recommend it
10,The desperation of a little brother who wanted to protect his brother.
10,The movie I have seen so far is not a movie.My best movie.
10,It's a must-see movie that's different from the box office hits these days
10,The adults I've seen... The children in the world are happy without conditions
10,A must-see movie!killing
10,Unprepared parents can be evil.
10,The baby I'm trying to convey is engraved in my heart
10,It's a movie that makes me speechless
10,I cried silently when I looked happy
10,It was so touching to see you taking care of your sister even at that young age. It's a movie I won't forget. It ended and you didn't get up again. It's so sad
10,I press my heart sadly all the time.
10,The life of the underdogs I was crying when Sahar was dragged away
10,I couldn't believe I was living in the same world.
10,a touch of truth and sincerity
9,What is happiness satisfaction in a movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings?
10,I need to think deeply about refugees and illegal aliens
10,The world we live in from our own perspective. The aftertaste lingers strongly.
10,It was a touching movie.
9,I can't believe it's so hard to see her smile
9,The first movie that I watch alone will be remembered for a long time
8,I was able to relax at the end It was so heartbreaking and sad
10,I slept off tonight because I didn't feel enough to just describe it as sad.
10,The movie that left an impression on the last scene
10,The lingering feeling in the last scene was more powerful than any other movie
9,May all the people of the world regain their smiles
10,I strongly recommend it! Make sure to watch it!
10,I feel so overwhelmed
10,It's a movie that I really wanted to hug myself It's a movie that lingers a lot
10,You can act like that from experience.It's too bad this is what's happening.I'm sorry.
10,Best movie in the first half of this year
10,I just have a lot of thoughts
8,The two eyes of a boy who left a strong fire in my heart. Will I be able to forget? Will I be able to turn a blind eye?
8,I remember them
10,A movie that makes me feel sad.
10,A movie that makes you realize a lot and look back on it
10,A movie that everyone should watch
10,I've abandoned cheap compassion. It was a movie that I felt a lot.
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,I pray for God's grace
10,I couldn't stand up because of the indescribable darkness It's a good movie that makes me think a lot It's such a waste to see only a few people
10,The refugees were the same people as me  I didn't know that.
10,It's perfect. It's a movie that I still remember
10,When I heard it was an ID picture. Your smile is so pretty that I feel emotional
9,I hope you don't feel sad anymore
10,Jonas' eyes acting is the best!
10,The responsibility was so heavy and suffocating to see the little one take care of another all day long in the best way he could crying
10,Why isn't it showing in the movie theater?
9,A movie that many adults want to watch and reflect on. And a movie that many teenagers want to watch and think deeply about. I hope that there will be no one in the world whose birth is a misfortune.
10,a work that makes one think about the function of a movie
9,A movie that I want to watch two or three times over and over again.
10,Heartbreaking story. The reality that's still happening somewhere
10,A movie that makes you think deeply as much as a touching story
9,It is heartbreaking to see the child trying to protect Jonas responsibly without losing his humanity even in difficult reality.
9,A poignant reminder of adults' poor excuses.
10,It shows clearly and calmly. lamenting poverty
10,Too bad there aren't many theaters. I hope many people will watch this movie
10,A film as poignant as an old rickshaw that reminded me of child abuse refugees
9,a movie that makes one's whole body stiff under the weight of a child's truth
10,I should come back with my sister
10,a film that makes you think about your responsibilities as a parent
9,Just look at it and tell me. Give me a press rating
10,Why didn't I think about this? Maybe I didn't think about it
10,The last scene of a child smiling to make the first certificate of his life made me cry
10,a poignant drama a pinnacle in harsh reality of harshness.
8,It was a good movie that raised many issues regarding the human rights of children and women.
10,A movie that depicts the uncomfortable reality that we all need to know. Thank you for making a good movie.
10,Selfish parents the pain of children who have no choice but to grow up under them
9,The video that left an impression...
10,It's so sadcrying
9,It's a movie that shows the reality and makes you feel desperate
10,A movie that makes me feel emotional.
7,It's a movie that makes you reflect on yourself
9,A movie that makes you feel sorry to say it's fun
9,The reality of stabbing the heart like a knife
10,I sobbed without realizing it in the photo of Ending Zain's ID card
10,It's a problem that people who buy capitalism should see at least once
10,"Why do sick people make families?" - "A harmless person to me."
9,Another life of neighbors and people who are oblivious or unable to see
9,It's miserable. How should we live?
10,A parent is not a parent just because they have a child
10,A movie that makes me think and reflect on myself
10,The best movie! 100 stars
10,I realized that this is what a movie is like
10,It's beyond a work of course
10,Best movie. May you have many blessings
10,It's a masterpiece that can't be evaluated in just a few words
10,The movie that makes me cry all the time is so heartbreaking.I hope many people watch it
10,It broke my heart that I had a lot
10,Living under the same sky as them...It hurts so much and makes me cry...The usurpation of the Western powers and subsequent pauses...Why should the weak carry the wound so long... I respect the production team that made it widely known with reality.
9,The daily routine that adults take for granted is anger at a young child.I become solemn when I see him making his life.It's a very high quality movie as a movie. I highly recommend it!
10,It's a drama where you can't take your eyes off the movie It's so nice to see this movie
10,a heart-stabbing film Tears streamed down after the movie.
10,My heart aches and tears like watching my childhood in a movie. I got goosebumps at the acting of a 12-year-old boy in my country doesn't have this kind of movie.Korean movies are not even like elementary school students...It's been a long time since I've seen a movie worth my money
10,I can't believe you're a real refugee. . I was moved and sad by the great acting.
10,Great movie! It's a very appealing picture of the refugee issue. This story was a reality before the movie and it is still a tragedy. It's even more heartbreaking
10,A child is definitely love
10,A grim reality and an isolated life itself
10,It's a movie of a different level. Your words and actions make my heart ache.
10,What does a movie exist for?
9,The motherhood that a child draws...A film about the original humanity
10,A very sad movie. The inconvenience is that it is true
10,I was sad the most when I broke up with my baby and cried thinking of my sister under the window sun. Korea is not Helljoseon I want everyone to be thankful and raise their children with respect
10,It was a movie that really hurt the misfortune of children caused by adults.
10,It was just a movie that can't be said to be funny or sad.It's more valuable than anything else.
8,It was a movie that provided something to think about in general.
10,It's amazing how being in prison for a man who didn't exist legally proves his existence. Parents who can't even register their births are children who can't even take care of them while they're in jail after their own baby dies.  I don't know how many kids that's real
10,It's a must-see movie~~^^
10,I want to hug Zain
10,It was a movie that made me think that I should work hard
9,a thought-provoking movie
10,It's a meaningful movie that throws things to think about
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that made us look back and think about ourselves rather than being funny and touching.Let's hope the early movie will be a long run.^^
10,be sad and complicated I want you to curse while listening to your mom asking if you don't understand me
10,It was a movie that left a deep impression
10,A good movie. It leaves a lot of lingering feelings. I was sad because her smile was so pretty
10,A child who can't be like a child.
10,It was a movie that made me think about how to look at children who are realistic and sometimes cheerful.
10,Your smile lingers in my mind.
10,I can't forget their faces
10,I wanted to be respected and loved. But God doesn't want it. They just trample on us.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that touched my heart
10,I can't take my eyes off even if it hurts and hurts
10,I hope everyone in the world can see it~~
10,It makes me think a lot. It's hard to see. It hurts. I hope you watch a movie that can't be explained in words
10,Everything a movie can do.
10,A movie that you'd regret if you didn't watch
10,It was an opportunity to think about human dignity and rights. I strongly recommend it.
10,I'm saddened that the main character's acting is not acting but reality
10,I watched the movie twice for the first time
10,... A must-see movie.
10,The Amazing Influence of Films and Directors
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It was hard to watch a movie I didn't want that to be true But it's such a precious movie Thank you for letting us know even though we have different nationalities and regions
10,I can't forget how I looked at the end.
10,I couldn't say anything for quite a long time after watching the movie. I don't even know what to say. I don't know how to express this feeling. Just look.
10,It was even more heartbreaking because I couldn't curse because I was the perpetrator of my parents who gave birth to me. Where did it go wrong?
10,It lasts longer because it's not a movie but a reality
9,It was a work that I couldn't just cry.
10,Thank you for making a good movie. I won't forget.
10,a reality that clearly exists
10,I learned from a child what attitude is important in life I think it's human nature to value life in any environment
8,A film worth considering about war and refugee issues
10,a heavy and deep film It was a movie that made me look back on the things I had enjoyed for granted in my life.
10,My heart feels heavy I recommend it as a family movie
10,The willpower to live even in extreme situations becomes the driving force of life
10,It makes me think a lot.
10,A masterpiece that more people should see and feel
10,tears that burst from holding back I burst into tears with frustration
10,His eyes made me choke and choked
10,I get goose bumps even more when I hear that my child is not a professional actor
9,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie!
10,I'm so touched. I want to see it again
10,Please watch this movie once in a while.
10,It's a movie you can't miss.
10,Your life is so poignant that you can hear sobbing all over the theater.  The Ethiopian baby is the most devastating performance I've ever seen in any movie
10,It's a movie that makes you feel guilty even when you feel hurt. It's comforting to hear that the profits will be donated.
9,I'm so glad I saw you crying
10,The last scene reminds me of Jain smiling brightly when I take an ID photobe full of parents  Can't you grasp the reality?No money. The daughter's being sold?I'm going to die and get pregnant
8,a realistic film about child abuse and refugee issues
10,Movie of the year. Just watch it
10,Just... make sure to watch it. The last boy's smile was so sad.
10,I watched it heartbreakingly.It's an impressive movie
10,It was so touchingIt was rather a pity that the movie was a fact.
10,It was such a good movie
10,I think casting was a great move
10,a realistic film
10,The holiest movie of the year is born on the spot that no one wanted to see.
10,I think it's a must-see movie for adults.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time!
10,There has never been a movie like this before. Is this a movie or a true story?
2,Syrian refugees. That's not good
8,I hope there are many good movies like this in theaters I'm here to give you stars after a million years
10,A movie that's good to watch at least once!
9,It's a great movie. I can't forget the faces of the children after the movie
10,I think it's a movie to watch again A movie that lingers!
10,I remember the last scene a lot
10,It's been a while since I watched a touching movie.
10,A lot of people look at it and hope they have real help.
10,Thank you for the movie!
10,Writing... I'll remember it for a long time.
10,I can't forget Jain's smile in the last scene
9,Praise for the director's ability to make it so real
10,It was an intense movie.
10,The movie that taught me the most lessons
10,on the borderline between documentaries and screenplays
10,A movie that makes me look back on myself.Is poverty what we think it is?
10,It was so touching. I hope the main character is happy
9,The second part of this movie is "Ending Creed"
10,It makes me feel sad. Movies that keep coming to mind
10,I think this movie should be watched by all citizens. I hope many people realize how important responsibility is to have children after watching this movie.
10,a child's sharp eyes on the harsh reality
9,The saying that no one else can criticize me made me look back on the days when I recklessly evaluated someone based on my standards.
8,It was so nice to be immersed in the song
10,A movie with a powerful narrative. The memorable scenes were scenes where the main character's eyes and actions were directed without lines.
10,The scene where Jain couldn't keep Jonas until the end and cried was so heartbreaking... Shameful adults in front of children and more mature children than adults
10,Learn from children. Young but stronger and more mature than adults. Responsibility
10,It was the last time I knew that Zain had such a pretty smile.
9,It's a moving movie. It is so sad that reality is more cruel than movie
10,What would I have done if I hadn't watched a movie that I was dying to watch?
10,I'm feeling overwhelmed. I was so sad and sad about the situation of young children and people in need. It was a movie that made me think a lot. Thank you for making a good movie. Thank you.
9,A movie that many people want to see
8,Florida Project to North America to the Middle East.
10,It's the best movie of 2019
10,It's a good movie. I hope more people can see it.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie
10,a poignant moving film
10,The reason why movies should exist!
10,It was so good. It kept lingering on the afterimage.I keep thinking about the main character's face.It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movie
10,This kind of movie should have 10 million viewers. It is regrettable that the reality of the movie industry has made it difficult to see even if you want to see it due to the monopoly on the screen.
9,I enjoyed the movieRefugee poverty...Back-thinking film - deserves a standing ovation - kid acts so well ^^.
10,Thank you. It was a more realistic movie than any other documentary. I think the lingering feeling will last for a while
10,It will be a life movie for everyone who watched this movie.
10,A film that doesn't appeal simply to pity.  a film about the subject of refugees in a less obvious way
10,Tragedy of this age we need to know.
10,It's getting darker towards the end.
9,a movie that makes one look back on life
8,It was an opportunity for me to feel the reality again and reflect on myself.
8,Most of the desperate suffering of poverty feel saddened by the difficulty of being treated as a minimum
10,What can I say to myself who has never imagined a life is a daily life. The movie that made me cry when I saw Jain smile
10,It's my first time feeling stuffy watching a movie.
9,I felt so sad about my life
10,Have I ever wished for someone's happiness this badly?
9,poverty-stricken human dignity
10,Thank you for your great work. It was a story that made me think a lot.
10,The last scene tells us everything
10,The irony is that this class gives birth to more children and exposes them to more pain.
10,Poverty is a heavy burden
9,My heart is heavy. I'm embarrassed. I can't forget your eyes and smile
9,I'm so sad. I wish these kids could have a better life.
10,A child who doesn't exist on paper who doesn't know his age or birthday. A child whose 12-year-old life was hellish and painful only laughs once in the final scene. The smile is heartbreaking and lingers for a long time.
10,May I dare to evaluate this movie...
10,I can't help but cry even if I see it many times. A movie that I want to watch again and again because of the last scene where I smile brightly. I don't want to forget my face.
10,A movie that I watched for two hours. A must-see movie.
10,one of life's works Make sure you watch it
10,It is a great movie.moving
10,A must-see movie. The movie made me realize the importance of small but right choices by thinking about the impact of the environment and not wanting to go to the worst.
10,I hope everyone can watch this movie and give attention and love to many children who are in the same situation as you.
10,A must-see movie. It's not a forced movie.
10,Even the ending credit was good
10,I hope a lot of people watch it
10,It's precarious and disturbing the whole time. How cruel is the reality of not being able to bless the birth of life. It is the adult's fault that a child is not like a child. I'll remember your innocent smile for a long time.  I will also remember your pain.
8,There's nothing to laugh about. I lost how to laugh. The last laugh hurts
10,I was very touched. It is a pity that this work of high quality does not attract box office success. I hope more people will feel deep emotion and lingering emotions together.
10,The ending of 2019 is Gavanaugh
10,I realized that I had nothing to complain about in my life now.
10,It's a movie that's so touching that I can't express it.
10,The movie received a standing ovation for 15 minutes after screening at the Cannes Film Festival
10,I can't help but noticeable.
8,I think modern people need to rethink the refugee issue
7,Don't expect any fun or touching. Nothing more than a description of the grim reality.
9,accusations against the world represented by parents You're the best!
10,Make sure you watch it. This is a movie
10,It was only after the ending credit went up that I burst into tears and cried for a long time. The power of a movie is great.
10,A movie that shows a miserable reality.
10,A movie that shows a miserable reality.
10,It was the best. I want to see it again.
10,It's not even the fault of the parents. That's how I grew up. It's a matter for the nation
10,It was sad and touchingcrying
8,Heavy but not heavy.The truth of making the world good and beautiful with the gratitude of those who were loved and raised
9,If there were a lot of theaters...It's been a long time since I've seen all the seats full.
10,This is the kind of emotion that comes out of deep inside.
10,The child just wanted to be loved and respected
10,In the desperate struggle of a child to protect his or her life and the lives of his or her family. A movie where I felt respect and sorry at the same time.
10,The title could have been "Jain". It reminds me of "Jain'
10,It's the best movie of the year with the Green Book
10,Everyone'sorry.The movie that I want to see...
10,I loved the ending and ending credits that upset the boundaries between art and reality.
8,I think we need to make a lot of social issue movies
8,I can't forget your eyes!Let's not turn a blind eye to the young soul struggling in a mess of irresponsible adults.
10,I wish I could just watch it This movie
10,a heartbreaking film
10,I pray that more people will watch it for a long time It was an opportunity to raise the value of the movie. There's an impression that it rings the chest and hits the head heavy.
10,It makes me think whether it is so desperate and difficult for humans to live like humans.The smile of the last self will remain in my mind for a while.
10,May all the children of this land grow up to be loved and respected.
9,Man is the most wicked man in the world
10,Have you ever heard of creating a foundation to help poor children in Korea even if the movie tent audience breaks through in Korea before the comment that the director continues to help children by creating a foundation after the movie?I was asked that Tears filled my cheeks in front of humanity.
9,It's a great movie. A movie that's worth the money
10,The best movie that you can't watch in 2019
9,It made me realize the reality of a faraway country
10,Make sure to watch it. It makes me think a lot
10,I hope your smile at the ending will come to your life from time to time. It was a really good movie.
10,It was only when I saw the last scene that I realized that the boy had never laughed.
10,A movie that makes you think more after the movie is over
10,How dare I grieve.My sadness is also hypocrisy.A movie that made me think a lot
10,Learn responsibility for life beyond situations and conditions and love for people around you through a young boy.
10,A famous painting that reminds us of how precious happiness is to live like a human being.
10,I watched it with my parents and son. You like it.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot I watched it last week and I'm going to watch it again this week. I hope a lot of people watch this movie
10,a movie that tears at one's own laughter
8,I thought about it all the way home and felt sad
10,There's not a single bad person in the movie. There are only ignorant people.It is great that it does not end with individual problems and continues to expand the awareness of the problem.
10,I couldn't raise my head in shame in the scene of the prison consolation performance.  A bystander pretending to be a consolation...It was like me.
9,the real story of poverty neither less nor more
10,I want to watch it again I recommend it^^
8,It's such a heartbreaking story
10,I'm suing you. Because you made me born... What a great movie!
10,the reality of birth becoming a tragedy
10,The movie that made me cry in a daze until the subtitles went down to the end!
10,I felt that even the emotions I had after watching the movie were a luxury
10,Director Nadine Lavaki's excellent performance. I praise the courage and sincerity contained in this movie. I could see why director Gavanaugh Nadine Lavaki won the Cannes Film Festival's Jury Prize when he thought that a family member of director Koreeda Hirokazu was great.
10,The Life of a Child Who Knew Too Early a Sad Life
10,I couldn't get up thinking after the movie was over.
10,It's a movie that leaves a lot of things even though it was hard to watch
10,More people want to see
10,It's a movie that makes you think and feel good
10,I have a lot of thoughts and a lot of lingering feelings. A movie that makes you think a lot about human dignity and parents and family.
10,It's a must-see...You have to be prepared to watch it. I'm going crazy.crying
10,Jain's face is indelible.  I really hope you are happy from now on
10,The fact that you can't choose to be born means that there must be a hell of a place to be born How painful is the life of a child born of a parent who has no sense of responsibility. Korea won't be any different I sympathized with the pain and it made me sadder and sadder
10,I hope everyone born is happy.
10,There must be another Zain somewhere.It's a sad movie where there are many children who are not happy because of adults who are not mature
9,Even if you don't know why you were born. Even if I don't know why I'm living. Because love is visible.
10,I watched it with my family on Lunar New Year's Day Please increase the number of theaters for good movies like this~~
10,I saw us getting hot in the chest.
8,There is no child born wanting to be born
10,I am happy to live in a good countryI cried a lot because I was so sad
10,I recommend the best movie.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,It's perfect. It's the movie of my life.
8,Adults' words stab children's hearts like knives
10,A movie that many people want to see
10,What can a movie do? I thought about it a lot. I hope you are happy with the conclusion only in conclusion.I don't want to... But... why should I make a movie while watching Gavanaugh? Why should I go to the theater? To the director who let me know... Thank you very much.
10,Good. Make sure to watch it.`-1313
10,I can't forget the scene where I cried while throwing away my breast milk
10,The movie that I really wanted to get a rating on
10,It's such a heartbreaking movie. I watched a movie that touched my heart after a long time
10,I hope many people will watch this movie.
10,Knowing that there are a lot of zombie-like parents who want to live off their children... The cry they asked me to make sure I didn't have any more children. It's coming to Woollim
10,It was a movie that made me think a lotI was able to concentrate better because I watched it at an independent theater
10,I can't forget your eyes at the end.
10,Jonas' innocent face and the weight of the film as opposed. I felt a sense of melancholy and bitterness in the face of the last man.
10,I can't say anything after watching the movie.
10,I want as many people as possible to see. Don't forget that someone is living this kind of life somewhere right now. And if you think about this world again. Tears that didn't stop until all the credits went up.
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot of things
10,To poor children all over the world...
10,Wow... Everything is in one word.
10,We need to listen to them.
10,The last smile of his... You're so handsome. I hope you always live with such a pretty smile
10,I'm heartbroken and I'm heartbroken
9,Make sure to watch it. It's a must watch movie. the structure of poverty a repetition of poverty It makes me think about the source.
10,I want to send the dog trash megalves that are parasitic in Korea to that's.
10,How much it hurt. It hurts to show calmly without hiding or exaggerating.
10,I feel like my heart is being ripped off when Jain laughs at the end.
10,Mom's saying stabs me in the heart like a knife
9,It was a heartbreaking movieEven refugees should be guaranteed basic human rights
9,I was very surprised to cast real refugees as actors
10,Sending Sahar and taking care of Jonas.I remember the scene where I couldn't leave Jonas while living fiercely and ended up crying over Jonas.
10,It's been a while since it's been a while.
10,Too bad there aren't many theaters. I want everyone to see it
10,Touching! A movie that makes me think about how to live...
10,This is the movie of the year
10,I really enjoyed watching it!
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movie
10,The best! The first movie of the Year of the Pig!
10,It's a movie that's hard to say. It was great and I sat in the theater for quite a while after the screening. It's a movie that lingers for a long time
10,It was a touching movie
10,I was more saddened by the calmness of the loss to mankind
8,I watched a well-made movie after a long time.
10,Here's the reason why you should live right.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie with strong emotions.People don't watch movies like this. They watch something.
10,This is what a movie is...Compare this to extreme jobs. I should've mixed it. Mix it. Make sure to watch it. Gavanaugh is the best.
10,This is what a movie is like. I sincerely pray that all the people in the world will be happy.
10,a very good movie sad or beautiful
10,It was my favorite movie recently
10,I think his eyes will last for a long time
10,The warmth that you feel in between makes you feel more emotional
9,A movie that makes your heart heavy. A movie that makes you thankful for everything
10,This movie is one of the greatest movies
9,What I felt while watching the movie was that I shouldn't just say that it's hard to make ends meet
8,Living doesn't mean the same to anyone
10,It's touching I'm so happy about the life I'm enjoying right now.
10,The smile of the last self is unforgettable.
10,It's touching for a long time
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,I really want to recommend it.^^
10,It's a movie that makes me cry without any pressure
10,My heart feels numb It's a good description of the current situation where there's no solution
10,The fact that Zain is a child cast in the field shows incredible acting skills. I stare at you with my heart full for two hours
10,The power of a real-life movie that made it impossible to breathe loudly throughout the show and to wake up even after all the ending credits went up
10,It's touching and deep until the end!
10,It's dreary. It's a serious story that doesn't compare with a shallow cult. We are all responsible as well.
10,A heavy film that only leaves the weight of the lives of the characters
10,A child who awakens mercy!
9,a film of heavy sorrow It is also a movie that I want to recommend to others. There's a lot to think about after watching.
10,The face of the last man is still fresh in my eyes. A movie that you don't know if it's acting or documentary. I feel grateful for the movie that broadened the horizon of life.
8,I want to sue you for giving me birthIt was shocking and it still hurts me to think that there are many children
9,I couldn't see it only in the movie.
10,I really wanted to watch the movie with the hope that there was any fiction in the movie.
10,The best movie everyone should watch!
8,a calm gray film We all have gray lives.
10,The disadvantage of the movie is that it is so uncomfortable to be in reality.
9,A movie that every adult should watch
10,I can't forget his eyes
10,Don't hesitate to watch because you'll be sad and depressed after watching! I was so immersed in the movie. It's a good movie.  I'm not a part-timer. I'm an innocent viewer
8,I'm looking forward to seeing you grow up
8,Men with no income should have a vasectomy
10,I hope there will be more places that show these kinds of movies.
8,Thank you. It's worth recommending to someone else
8,I'm behind a big movie.
9,It's heartbreaking.a movie that everyone should watch
10,My heart is choked up It's the best movie I've seen this year
9,The movie that keeps ringing in my head...
8,a poignant movie
10,My heart sank the whole time I was watching.
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie that's so heavy that I've had a sore throat. But make sure you watch it. I feel like I'm reflecting on my life.I want to participate in the project.
8,It's a good piece that makes you think about human dignity
10,I don't know why it felt strange at first to say that you dare sue your parents. I'm sad that my first feeling of thinking immaturely about my child for a moment is that I'm already an adult.
10,The blackness throughout the movie. But a movie to watch and think about.
10,A movie that is too touching to watch once.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot
9,The movie made me feel the importance of life and humanity in the eyes of children reflected throughout the movie.
9,I'm glad you can laugh.
10,The reality is a movie that makes me sad
10,Your expressions and your last smile...
10,A movie that many people want to see
10,I'm still sad to see her crying after leaving her behind.
10,This is the movie.Please just let it slide.
10,It was so touching
10,A movie that makes us ask ourselves countless times if we're living well
10,It's such a moving true-life movie!A must-see movie.It makes you think as an adult.A sad and painful movie.
10,It was heartbreaking because the movie was based on a true story.
10,I can see why it's so popular  Jonas is so cute. I'm rooting for you
10,I'm feeling overwhelming I hope you become a world-class actor
10,The children who sued their parents and the lines of their parents touched their hearts even though they were acting. It seems to be because the actual actors used people in similar situations to the roles in the play. You can see how they are doing at the end of the movie
10,I don't think I'll see you again. I'm sorry
10,It makes me sad. It's so touching
10,I strongly recommend this movie as a must-see movie
10,It was a movie that made me realize how happy my life was.
8,The black baby was so cute and I loved his acting
10,It's a must-see movie in life
10,I smile when I see Zain and Jonas in this terrible sad reality
10,I couldn't stand up for a while because I was sad
10,Touching itself! The best movie! A movie that's more realistic than a documentary
10,It makes me think a lot~~
9,It's a movie that makes you think about the responsibilities and duties of parents in a life born without consent
8,I'm done with casting!
5,It's sad and disgusting. But it was kind of boring.
10,a dagger to the irresponsible 'adults'
10,I think I'll have to have a child after the parent qualification examination.  I don't know if I'm qualified as a parent of two children
10,Thank you for the good movie. I'm thankful that the actual refugee child settled down well after acting.I hope that the problem of refugees will not be put together in the world.
10,It's a great work that makes you feel the weight of responsibility you have to bear if you're a parent. A grateful movie that made me realize the value of a movie once again.
10,I'm really sad about your desperate times.It makes me think twice about being a parent.I wish you happiness.
10,My tears felt hypocritical and my heartbreaking sentiment felt extravagant.
10,A cold but warm film by Garbernaum. Watch it
10,It's so much fun.
10,It's a poignant movie. I strongly recommend you to watch it
10,I feel that this is the power of movies. It's a movie that everyone wants to see at least once. The director's words remain in his mind that the root of all misfortunes is his childhood when he wasn't proud of
10,It's a movie that makes my heart ache.I smile at the last smile
10,It's a movie that captures a lot of life
10,The movie that I want to keep in mind The movie that motivates me to live a more beautiful and valuable life that I am going to live now becomes a luxury
10,a heart-rending movie
8,The last scene lingers. It's a good movie that makes you think a lot
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure you watch it
10,It is a tragedy created by adults who are unable to act as adults when they barely manage to survive.
10,Thank you. It was a good movie
10,"My mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife."
10,I'm touched. Refugees who continue to live in a difficult environment. Your acting is great
10,Best movie of my life. I strongly recommend it
9,This is indeed a 'reality'. That's why it gets colder.
10,It's a movie I want to watch twice.
10,Unresponsible behavior is worse than animals.I hope the children live without getting hurt in this world
8,touch someone's heart in a small way
10,the best movie I'd recommend to everyone
10,A movie that doesn't deserve to cry...
10,A movie that makes me think about many things
10,I saw a great movie. I hope Zain continues to act.
10,It is heartbreaking that there is still a world where very basic human dignity is not observed.  Make sure to watch it. It's a good movie.
9,With eagerness for their pain to be my pain through the window I've only been looking at.
10,It makes us realize the importance of our lives
10,A movie that makes me different from myself before and after watching the movie
10,The best ending! A perfect movie
9,A movie that was good because it didn't just stay in sympathy. The most difficult part to distinguish between reality and fiction was the living eyes of non-professional actors.
10,I couldn't say it was anyone's fault. It was just their own way of life. Who can throw stones at them?
10,I hope people who raise kids will see it
10,It's a movie that all adults in the world must watch. It's a really deep movie
9,It's sad and sad! Recommendation
10,The best movie of my life. Pride shines even in tragedy.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot
10,I felt heavy whether I could handle the child's struggling appearance. To dig in like this without provocative or explicit descriptions. a work as outstanding as one's own smile
10,The last scene where I didn't laugh during the movie "Running Time" made my heart race
10,That what I enjoy can be a huge luxury to someone else. It was a movie that made me look back on things that I thought were too obvious and think deeply about human dignityThank you for making a movie that I will never forget
10,I got goosebumps knowing that the actors actually experienced it...
8,The last one comes into my heart and makes me emotional.
10,Please show it in the countryside...
9,a razor-sharp realist
10,The last time I smiled... I felt so overwhelmed
10,I dare say it's the best movie of the year!
10,It was the first movie I've ever seen that my heart ached all day long.
10,I'll cheer up and do my best.
10,His words pierce the heart like a sword. a film that makes one's adult self ashamed The world is already gone
10,How should I live?
10,I watched it alone. I quietly shed tears and quietly clapped. You think deeply about the reason for existence.
10,I feel like I watched all the movies in 2019
10,It's lingering.Recommend.
10,This movie is really the best
8,I felt so sorry for Zain the whole time I saw him.It's a heartbreaking story that reminds me of my nephew so much.
10,You're the best. I love you so much. And remember
10,It's a movie that makes me think about my life
10,The question of basic human rights! Don't blame God for what you were born with
10,0986556564 It's amazing that it's a true story. Recommend.
10,It was so much fun I felt a deep echo. I hope to see more movies like this.
10,It's a grateful movie that made me look back on myself as an adult.
10,The blackness of the heart caused by the difference in the gap that is too large makes even having a heart of pity feel luxurious and guilty.
9,We need to look at the movie that we must see and the other life.
10,What is the human identity we created?
10,It's a shame why these children have to bear the burden of a poor birthThe reason why there is a country and society! Present the specific contents of the community that our society should aim for!I feel like I'm eating again!
10,A movie full of respect for life
10,"Your life is like dog poop."
10,I hope the world will be blessed to be born
10,God send this boy to the moon
10,It's so sad. How different is life in your place?
10,Closest to us But turning a blind eye. a masterpiece
10,A must-see movie...! an uncomfortable but unavoidable reality
8,It's a movie that can't be made easily. So it's not easy to watch a movie like this. Make sure to watch it. How real it is.The expression of tiredness in the child's life cannot come out of the actor. They cast a real refugee boy. Look at it tightly
10,I strongly recommend movies with echoes.
10,It was a movie that touched my heart. I was deeply moved
10,I'm going to see the sad reality
10,I feel so sorry for your life
9,Is it a problem of the same school? Is it a matter of the way of life? Or is it a matter of personal thought?a desperate struggle to break the mold of a young boy It reminds me of my parents' generation.
10,It was the coolest movie I've seen recently
8,a thought-provoking movie
10,The problem is poverty.
10,You must not turn a blind eye to this story. Everyone should know. These are still happening all over the world.
10,It's a movie where you can feel the eyes of "people" and see the world from the perspective of the person we call "children."
10,I cried a lot. Life is too miserable and harsh for one's own. It was so heartbreaking. I was sorry for some reason.
10,I can't forget the touching moment I look for Zain around me again I think about the refugees again  It's a good movie. I hope a lot of people watch it
10,I can't believe how sad her smile is.The reason why the last smiling person is more painful than the crying person throughout the movie can be seen in the movie
10,It was a movie where every word he said and every look he saw stabbed in the heart with a knife
9,A good movie. A movie that resonates deeply. The ruthless world created by greedy adults and irresponsible adults took away their fresh smiles.
10,I just had to look.
10,It's a movie that's beyond a movie that makes your heart warm even though you just experienced it indirectly through a movie.
10,It's a movie that asks the meaning of God's existence
10,I recommend it to those who haven't seen it yet
8,It was a time to look back on myself Are you qualified to be a parent?
10,A movie that shows the limit that I can't overcome even if I do my best. I think a lot and cry throughout the movie
10,The second movie I saw.It's a heartbreaking movie. It's heartbreakingBe sure to look at the best Gavanaugh I want to recommend to someone.
10,Thank you for the hope.
10,The message for everyone in this era's reality film will be the same
10,I was glad that I was able to regain the innocence of a 13-year-old child with the smile of the last Zain.
10,How could a parent like this have a son like this?
8,Being a parent comes with unlimited responsibility!
10,A movie that makes you think deeply
10,A touching story. a stunning performance Top
10,The smiling face of the last child was a twist in the movie.
10,I can't forget the boy's eyes. It's a movie worth watching
10,Jain. Jonas and other children's acting was impressive. It's so heartbreaking and so good.
10,I watched a movie that touched my heart after a long time.
10,It was a movie that broke my heart in the gloomy reality. I hope all the children on this land are happy
8,A touching movie. A movie that makes you sad at the end. It's a good movie that makes you think of your neighbors in need. A lot of people watch it
6,It's a bit sad.There's still this ridiculous situation going on next to the EarthYou!
10,It's a movie that made me think a lot
10,My mother's responsibility for giving birth to me. My responsibility for ignoring your existence
10,I hope everyone in the world will see it
10,It was sad when Tigest was breastfeeding in the detention center. I wonder how much I miss and worry about my child?
10,I cried.It's so sad
10,"My mom's words poke my heart like a knife."
10,It's the best movie of my life
8,I feel grateful that I was born in Korea
9,A sad movie. A funny movie
10,My heart aches for two hours.
4,Feeling forced throughout the movie.It was so hot that I couldn't breathe
10,I was deeply moved.How a child can endure the ordeal!
8,How far is the movie and reality?
9,It was very hard after watching the movie as much as Zain was having a hard time every day.
10,I can't forget your bright smile in the last scene. It's such a great movie
10,I really wanted to clap at the ending
10,The movie was fun and made me realize the meaning of life again.
10,I hope to see many people
8,I want to give a high score to something uniqueThe acting of a child was amazing and realistic
10,A must-see movie...
10,It was sad that it was hard to see such a good movie because of the exclusive use of Korean movie theaters.==
10,Who made me cry so much.
10,A movie that makes me think a lot.
9,It was a movie that really resonated
10,A real-life movie that shouldn't be considered a story from another country
10,A heavy movie. A must-see movie
10,Is there any hope? The reality that makes me sadder when I think about it
8,A movie that stabs everyone in the heart like you said
10,It was goodHahaha
10,Who went to the hospital?
10,It's not anyone's fault
10,I felt so sad when I heard that I wanted to grow up to be a respected and loved adult.
10,It's fun. I'll go watch it again
8,as realistic as the eye can bea bright child
10,I was sorry that I was just living like that so easily
10,A movie about the life of the underprivileged in the eyes of a child!
10,Time flies. It's a movie I want to watch again
10,Make sure you watch it. I still remember the last scene
10,How hard it must have been... I hope many people in the same situation can live a better life.
9,Who's more of an adult?  May the world come where all the children on this land laugh together.
10,It's not about us in a faraway country...
8,Maybe it's a hard movie to watch.
10,I hope the movie will be the beginning of the world and the changing world.
10,It became one of the best works of my life I sincerely recommend this song
10,The last smile... But he still laughs
9,Terrible... funny
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,I strongly recommend it! Shut up and strongly recommend it!
10,I hope you grow into a precious boy who is loved and respected in the name of Zain.
9,Inequality exists with birth and disappears with death.
9,Heartbreaking movie -!!!...your last smile!!!It's so pretty. I was surprised. I hope all the children in the world always have that kind of smile.
9,I can't forget the eyes of the main character child. It feels like I bought everything. I'm touched.
9,It's hard to express how moved I am when I sit down heavily
10,I really want people all over the world to see this movie.
10,I cried a lot. Make sure to watch it
10,The saddest thing about this movie is that I feel a lot of things after watching this movie
10,You look back as a parent.
8,My heart is choked upWhen we're indifferent...
8,I've never seen a movie that's so direct.
10,The tragedy of this time...sad
10,It was sad and touching because it seemed to express the hardships of actual refugees that ordinary actors could not express in a daily manner.
10,A movie that doesn't irritate some people with actual pain but makes them face each other head on
10,This is a tribute to the director and all the staff.
10,Zain! It is a movie that shows many things and makes you reflect on yourself through the life of a child. I am heartbroken.
8,Happiness is loved by parents
10,This year's best movie star's acting skills were amazing.
9,We need this kind of movie
10,Zain laughed...
10,It's a movie that I want many people to watch. Make sure to look for it on purpose
8,It breaks my heart to watch her life for two hours
10,The time when Zain and Jonas are struggling to survive is stuck in my head
10,It's a movie that makes me think about how I should live in 2019. I support your life.
10,The young actors did not act. They seemed to have just lived up to the script because they were refugees themselves. I was busy sighing throughout the movie.
10,a sad world in which a child feeds a child
10,It's a beautiful movie. It's the best movie I've seen in years. Make sure to watch a heartbreaking and resonant movie!
10,It's sadder because it's so realistic.
8,The director cast the best actor. I give generous praise to my life for playing the role more sincerely than any other actor.
10,Please don't give birth if you don't have the confidence to raise them to be generous. What's wrong with a child born. I was heartbroken because I sympathized and understood Zain's situation so much. A movie that I want more people to watch!
8,Every scene in this movie comes sharper than any existing cinematic conflict
10,I was depressed thinking about what I could do
10,A sadder movie with no make-up or exaggeration
10,I wonder if his pain is only due to his parents
8,Beautiful movie...
10,I hope that happiness is a life together
10,There was a time like that in our country Thank you for the present and I hope you can support them
9,I kept thinking about what kind of adult I would become and what kind of life I would live
10,A movie with a heavy echo that makes you think about life and surroundings
10,I can't stop laughing
10,The start of poverty is home. Only responsible parents should be parents!
8,The source of strength is from the ending credit.
10,I strongly recommend it on Lunar New Year's Day. Please come and watch it
10,I felt so many things when I was young.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot about human life.
10,a realistic but not tragic movie until the end
10,It's a very good movie.It makes us reflect and reflect on our feelings.
8,Children who can't afford to live.
10,It was so sad that even bad parents and bad adults were raised like that under bad people. They were kids one day. Many children in the world will grow up like that and become just another adult. Who's the bad guy?
10,The story behind the cast of the characters is interesting. It was a movie that I was immersed in. I enjoyed it.
10,The reality continues even after the movie is over
10,I can't forget the last scene
10,It's a good movie that reminds me of the meaning of life. I hope people around the world live peacefully and happily
10,It was so heartbreaking to see the main character's situation I pray that every child in the world will be cared for and loved for being a child
10,Zain ended up being 'at the end'.'
9,I hope all the children of this land are loved. a poignant film His eyes were so sad that it made me cry just by just looking at them
8,An invitation to a world I never knew
8,The reality that we need to know is that there are many people living there
10,A movie that conveyed the situation of refugees well through Zain. The movie that made my heart warm and moved when I saw myself shouting for freedom like the children of heaven
10,Is there really a God?  God bless you all
10,I didn't know how much pain he would have had before he said that his life was dirtier than his shoes
8,a masterpiece following the Florida project
10,I don't know how much we're enjoying right?
9,The best movie I've seen recently... deeper at the end I strongly recommend it!
10,My heart is numb...
9,Like you. You want to live. It's not going to be easy
8,The child is so hard on his emotions. But I felt so sad that this was real
9,You should not have a child who will not be happy in birth. A child cannot grow up on its own. Incompetent parents deserve to be sued.
8,It was all right. All righta
10,I recommend it. Thank you for the good movie.
10,It was the best movie ever. A movie that helps me look back on my life and think about my future life
10,My film of the year already in February of this year :)
10,One of this year's masterpieces... Make sure you watch it. You don't regret it.
10,the best film of one's life The last scene is the best cut I'll never forget.
10,My favorite movie from today.
10,I want many people to see this movie   This child's words break my heart
10,It was so good. It's a movie that I will remember for a long time Make sure you watch it. I hope you grow up to be a happy kid
9,Feel a pressure on one's chest. It's hard to put words into the movie because it might become lighter.
10,It's a must-see movie. Can someone explain why the international community is sitting on its hands?
10,The atmosphere of Cine Cube Entertainment
10,A movie that makes people in need want to give practical help in the future
10,My heart aches. a film that brought the refugee issue back to mind
10,Don't let me have a baby What are the parents thinking? Religious reasons? Why do they only have children who are not responsible?
10,I hope a lot of people saw it!
1,Are you trying to shame Christianity? a film made for public self-satisfaction
9,I hope there will be no more world where children cry because of adults' faults
7,Children still dying of poverty and disease...
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for two hours. A touching story to learn from a child. I recommend it. I hope the children in this movie will be happy in the future.
10,I hope a lot of people saw it
10,It makes me think about the things that I have to take responsibility.
10,The saddest movie of my life!
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I was so angry that I couldn't even shed a tear. I feel grateful for the director who asked the fundamental question about education and religion.
10,It was so heartbreaking that the ignorance of the parents was a sin.
10,The next generation following irresponsible parents...The one who's trying to break it's...
10,I felt numb when he said he wanted to be respected and loved
10,A masterpiece that you have to watch over and over again.
10,Life movie that makes me look back on my life!
9,a film that gives a deep thought to society. It is fortunate that I was born in my country. The acting is real and gives a deep echoes
10,How can I not cry when I smile?
10,The scene where I blew candles on the cake that others left behind would be memorable. The boy looked happy
8,It's worth seeing. At the theater
10,The most memorable movie in my life
10,There is no one to blame or blame for the character. Who is responsible for the wrong situation and reality?  There's only an obligation for everyone
9,Gavanaugh is a movie that has to be made by someone and everyone must watch.I won't call this movie "ever.ever" because there is a reality that is colder than the movie.He's finally gonna laugh.
10,I can't say anything I'll give you stars instead
10,It is a masterpiece that makes Korean movies like beggars laugh boldly!
10,Please make sure everyone watched it
9,I cried watching it today...
10,I feel so emotional I think it will be a movie that will be remembered for a long timeI hope to increase the number of theaters so that many people can watch this movie
10,Everyone born in the world should be loved and respected.
9,It makes sense both to himself and to his parents.Then whose fault is it?It's hell for kids trying to escape from Gavanaugh.Why doesn't Jesus' miracle happen?I came back after receiving homework that was difficult to solve.
10,I enjoyed watching ^^ which made me feel many things throughout the movie
10,I'm sad that I couldn't clap after the movie
10,It's a touching movie Recommendation
10,It was like stabbing the heart. The fact that it's not fiction but reality makes my heart heavy
10,I saw the terrible reality of Zain in a warm movie theater.
8,a mockery of those who blindly believe in God God wants us to be trampled on the floor.'My heart was broken by the lines that a child uttered while crying. It's depressing because it's reality 100.
9,The movie "Nobody Knows" came to mind. A more disastrous version of Nobody Knows.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot.
10,It's one of the best tricks. a strong recommendation
10,It's my favorite movie. Make sure to watch it. You'll regret it if you don't watch it.
10,I hope you laugh more
10,It's a movie that has a real life story
10,It's a must-see movie
9,I lost track of time because it was so calm (G)I-DLE's acting is great and touching
10,It's a movie that shows how poverty in Korea destroys families and takes children out to the streets. I applaud the video producer who expresses every expression of the real person
8,It was so touchinglol
10,A movie that touches you so much
10,A heavy echo!It makes us all look back^^
9,Mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife
10,It would be nice to get a certificate to become a parent.The tears of a 12-year-old boy are heartbreaking.There are still a lot of people who live that kind of life.
10,A movie that deserves a 15-minute standing ovation in Cannes
10,It's a great movie that makes me feel grateful that I'm living a rich and happy life right now
8,Poverty. What made the child's smile disappear?
10,It's so sad. I sue my parents for giving birth to me and growing up like me.
10,Please increase the number of theaters! I hope many people will watch this movie.
10,I still can't forget his eyes. If only we could save them from the world. I longed throughout the movie.
10,Best movie I've ever seen. I wish this kind of movie would do better
10,I was so sad at the end It's a movie that made me think a lot
8,He or I say that living is OO.
10,Whose fault is it? What's clear is that I'm ashamed of myself too
10,Can't they be given a minimum of life...
9,It was a movie that lingers.Recommendation!
10,There was a long lingering feeling and tears at the ending credit
9,Tears fell the whole time I watched. Slumdog Millionaire and a movie that no one knows. The story of Ani who sues parents who only give birth and neglect. It's amazing that you cast people who have no acting experience and are actually in similar situations to make this movie!
10,a thought-provoking film
10,A movie that really drives people crazy. It's been a few days since I cried. A really good movie
10,I recommend that you smile about 1% of the time in the 1% of the movie. The last scene is so memorable.
10,Children who exist but don't exist. I'm sure there was a time when you had an innocent face like Jonathan
10,a touchy-feely trick
10,Korean movies are different in depth from Korean movies
9,a movie that is more than heartbreaking
10,It's a movie that makes your heart race from start to finish
10,I'm sorry. I can't express it in words
10,It's the movie of my life movie. Make sure you watch it and feel grateful through it.
9,Each child's expression contained so deep anguish and sadness that it hurt my heart the whole time I watched it.
10,I feel sad because there are so many kids who are struggling
10,I dare say it's the movie of the year.
10,The rating is low. It's more than 10 points. The calm gaze that reflects "Ja-in" soon becomes a blackness that weighs down on the audience. Any word I say about their lives is cautious. The dry reality is far more turbulent than the author's adaptation. Zain has no choice but to accuse the parents who gave birth to him.
10,Acting is so real I can't forget the eyes of the actors
10,The hot echo of your heart!
10,I hope we learned how to express tragedy without stimulating production
8,I didn't know until I saw the ending.   I didn't know you had such a beautiful smile
10,Living is OO.Is there anything important in life?
10,The most pitiful and great being in the world is man.
10,It's vivid as if I've seen a documentary. It's a movie that makes you think a lot.
9,It's a movie that makes my heart ache after watching it. I wonder if there's anything I can do for more people in the world. I hope more people will watch this movie.
10,I couldn't blame my parents or my children.It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,It makes me think a lot...
9,A movie that literally makes my heart sink
8,Nadine Lavaki's acceptance speech was impressive
10,It was really nice. It warmed my heart
8,My heart breaks for them I'm a tourist and an audience so all I have to do is look
10,The emotions that I have to feel after watching this movie...What should I define it as?
10,Just shut up and watch! It's the best!
10,Thank you for the kids It was hard to find a theater
9,I hope the day comes when Zain smiles sincerely!
10,A must-see movie that makes you feel the pain of the must-see movie
10,This kind of movie is a true movie.The movie made me feel and think about many things and made me feel that I should live a valuable life again.It's the best
8,It's a good movie. It reminds me of our past.
10,I cried a lot while watching this movie
10,I'm so touched! I'm so touched by Jayne's acting!
10,A film that blatantly shows how out of touch and hypocrisy we live in. By far the best movie I've seen recently.
10,A movie that everyone must watch
10,The reality was the most heartbreaking movie.
10,Life is a fierce battlefield and hope
10,What else can I say after watching this movie?
10,A good movie that I watched with good people in a good place
10,a movie with many theaters
10,It's the worst movie ever. Make sure you watch it
10,It's well made.I'surely
10,Your words! "Please don't let me have any more children." The child who had no choice but to sue his parents.I can't choose to be born. There's a rumor that Zain expressed his feelings more while filming the movieIt was one of the biggest movies in my life.
10,It's not a movie that I can evaluate carelessly.It's really touching and heartbreaking.Thank you to everyone who made this movie.
10,It makes me look back and reflect on myself and myself
9,It was better not to portray them tragically in an impressive movie
10,I just want it to be a movie... crying
8,the sublimeness of those who seek to end the chronicle of evil
10,It's a documentary. It's a reality. The whole world needs to see the eyes of a child. It's not acting. It's the truth. It'
9,I cried when I saw Jain's smiling face at the last time
10,Don't just say hope
10,a work of art and popularity
10,How will I look when I watch with bated breath?
10,Children cannot be treated carelessly even if they are their own children because they were born like that.A movie like a documentary!
10,I felt ashamed as an adult through Zain. [Gavernaum] It'Recommend.
8,Can we be responsible for our children?
10,May countless children in the world enjoy happiness in love and care without being neglected or abandoned by poverty.
10,I don't think there was anything I could do to help the child.
9,Their eyes weren't acting because they lived a similar life It was the life they experienced in person and the feeling. This is the moment when I feel endlessly grateful for the ordinary life I am enjoying.
10,Heartbreaking movie. :: I enjoyed it
10,I hope many people watch it
10,The movie of my life. The movie that everyone must watch
10,The story we need to know.  a good man
10,Best movie ♡ More than a movie ♡
10,It was a sad movie.
4,Heaven can only be occupied by the poor at heart
8,tears flowing naturally
10,A scroll to the top of sorrow is a must
10,I can't easily forget the last scene of the movie that I will regret if I don't watch it.
10,The audience watched it for 2 hours without breathing
10,My heart felt heavy when I saw the last smile of Jain.
10,10 points for making the movie. Movies that you want to watch a lot
10,Thank you to the people who made this movie. I hope more people will see it.
10,I brought a movie pamphlet after 20 years when I came home. I'll put it on the wall and don't forget what I thought of today.
10,Zain... Zain... Zain... Zain...His expression will be remembered for a long time.
10,The world is like this. I've been living with my own eyes
9,I can't forget the expression of my last self.
9,I think it's a movie that we really filmed. I recommend it.
10,How come there's no place to release such a moving movie?
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot of things
10,It's a heartbreaking movie. It's really well made and it made me think deeply about poverty once again
10,I really want more people to watch this movie. It's a movie that makes me realize how cowardly and gutted I was right now when I was angry and complaining.
10,The boy's tears for the world...The cry of those who have to live in a system of evaluating human beings by paper... It's a movie that makes you have mixed feelings.
10,It's a really good movie. All the time I've been watching...It was touching that my heart was choked up even after I watched it I almost gave him a standing ovationDon't miss such a good movie
8,It's a movie that makes me think
10,I'm speechless. You're the best
10,I will become an adult who tries to make children smile. Thank you for the movie.
9,Jonas was so cute that I couldn't take my eyes off him.
10,It's the best! I feel like I watched a documentary that was filmed calmly without an exaggerated scene. That's why it's a movie that touches my heart
10,The real story is heartbreaking and heartbreaking
10,It's like James Dean.Swag harpoon...
10,It exploded at the ending credit
10,I think it's a must-see movie even if you're not interested in others.
10,a child accusing society of darkness and adult irresponsibility
10,I'm crying because it's more cruel than the movie
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,I think I'll keep thinking about it It's
10,It's a realistic movie where you can feel the sadness and sadness.
8,The ending scene was definitely the best.
10,#refugees #illegal aliens #boy law #child abuse. I can't believe you're portraying the story of a world that's far away and close to us.
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for a moment
10,A movie that makes me think about children's rights again. It was really good.
10,It's a really good movie. The acting and filming went really well
10,It was really good that the first movie I saw this year was this movie. I'm touched.
9,How dare anyone be free from the enormous emotional whirlpool this film gives.
9,Make sure you watch it. Everyone
8,Time to think about refugees around the world
8,It was a movie that made me wonder what I could do for the children. I hope this heart is not just a short sympathy.
10,A movie like seolleongtang with no salt. a real country
10,I was heartbroken from the first scene. And I was immersed in acting like a documentary Let's give a round of applause to those who made great movies Standing ovation makes sense.
9,His voice that he wanted to be a good person when he grew up lingers in his ears. You've been a good enough man in your life
8,Each one of us feels differently. I've come to think of many situations that may be a little different in our country. Thank you for the good movie.
10,A movie that makes me think about poverty not only in Korea but also in the world.
10,I think I watched a good movie after a long time. I applaud the directors and actors who have made such a moving film.
10,It's so lingering... I won't forget the last scene
10,Thank you for my present life
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I don't need to say much.
10,OOO's global village where a 12-year-old boy says life is like 같아. And Jonas should be given an acting award this year.
8,There's a long aftertaste...
10,Best - the last scene really struck a chord
10,I was heartbroken.
10,This movie is really a masterpiece!!!!It's a shame there aren't many theaters꼭I hope many people watch it
10,I can't forget his smile.
10,I wish I had a parent's license.Thank you to my parents.
8,I got goosebumps when I saw the last phrase
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,The movie of my life became a movie that I became interested in society as well as a good movie. I can feel how much the director cares and loves the society
10,I sincerely hope that you are happy.
10,I hope that children who don't exist in the world can be recognized for their existence.
10,I happened to see the movie Human life is equal to everyone.What a heartbreaking movie.I have to look back on my life and be interested in my neighborhood.I strongly recommend it!
10,It's like comforting at a refugee shelter with a song.The scene that doesn't fit me...
10,It's so scary.What would you have done if you hadn't seen this?
10,It's a movie that makes me so sad that I can't even cry
10,It was good to know the lives of refugees
10,It was cool throughout the movie and cried a lot afterwards
10,Tears welled up... Heart-warming...a good movie to watch alone
10,The boy's words that his life was dirtier than his shoes really hurt. Was there a movie that reflected the miserable world better than this?
10,I miss Jonas a must-see movie
10,I hope that you enjoy small happiness and how much happiness you enjoy^^
8,The reason why my pain is shabby...
10,I'm only crying...
10,I thought the last one wouldn't laugh
10,I'm so sad that you're so calm that I can't even shed tears.
10,I understood black people by looking at the Green Book and I understood refugees by looking at Gavanaugh.
10,The movie of my life... The power of the movie is strong!
10,I want to give 10 points twice!
8,The supply of condoms is urgently needed. I'm shocked my daughter died and she's pregnant again. Is it psychotic to say that God takes one and gives another...
10,I want to believe that there is hope in your eyes and smile.
9,I felt the power of the movie. Isn't it possible for us to continue to be aware and conscious of the base of the world through movies like this?
10,It is so sad and so lovely.
9,an extremely brutally well-made film
10,a film showing repeated poverty
10,I can't forget the expression of the last self.Who can blame this kid?Isn't it the world and the adults who put despair and anger in the eyes of a child's eyes?
10,I want to believe in the power of movies.
8,The last scene is still sad
10,It's a time of touching and self-reflection that makes you forget to respect and respect the people who planned and produced this movie
10,I've never felt so sad and sick when I saw a person smile
10,A movie that will be remembered for a long time or forever.The painful reality that we probably knew but didn't know that was happening in the distance. It's a movie that everyone should watch.
9,The sadness and anger of the children. It's all our fault... "I'm sick of adults who don't take care of their children.:
8,Every line he shouts at us as if he is pleading with us is pathetic and disheartening The last smile of his own is long and unforgettable
10,My heart aches so much...All the children are innocent.
10,Best movie of the year!!!!
10,The childish look lingers in my memory for a long time
7,It is more touching and fun than Rome
10,I was born in this country and am happy under my good parents
1,a fictional film made with political intent
10,I added my favorite movie
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movie Recommend.
10,The echo is loud. How fortunate it is to hear that the main character's real life has improved. It's a worthwhile movie to watch.
10,It reminds me of the Florida project. So my last laugh was really
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot about refugee children.
10,I hope you watch it. It's the best
10,I hope everyone has seen the movie.
10,I think it will be the best movie of the year. It was a perfect documentary and movie that would leave director Lee out of his mind to the point of madness. The fact that all actors have actually reflected their lives on the screen makes the movie shine even more. Jain's performance is the best. This is the reason for the existence of the film.
1,It's not a movie. It's just "A Companion"
10,I can't calm down even when I got home. I am so sorry that I can sleep warm and comfortable in a comfortable bed wearing clean pajamas. Why can't someone in the world enjoy this and someone can't even enjoy this basic... I feel sorry for myself
8,A calm movie. A well-made movie
10,The movie that everyone must watch...
10,It was so touching.My heart sank the whole time I watched it.It's the movie of my life
9,The gap between the play and the documentary is filled by the life acting of a refugee actor.
10,Lastly... The movie where the boy's laughter doesn't leave his memory easily
10,It was a touching movie that made me think a lot.
10,A movie like a moving textbook
10,Tears welled up in my eyes when I saw the first scene of the skinny Zain
9,Pyeongsik doesn't give a one-line review these days? The movie doesn't appear on Naver these days. Gavanaugh even wrote...
9,The dust of complaints cleared up and my mind became clearer
9,I'm sorry I can do nothing but shed a tear with cheap pity
10,The scenes I saw from my own perspective felt like stabbing my heart like a knife.
10,There should be a lot of movies like this... Thank you.
9,Both are victims and perpetrators
10,It's the movie of my life.  I'm proud of myself for choosing this movie while thinking about what to watch.
10,My heart feels heavyIt's a movie that leaves a strong impression
10,The last scene I'll never forget!
10,I hope you see it. You'll look after me again
10,I have nothing to say. It's a great movie.
10,I still remember the last scene
10,My life feels so luxurious now. Should it be so difficult and desperate for a person to live like a human being?
10,It's so poignant and bitterly sad. Poverty that takes away all the breathing time. I am sorry that I cannot provide practical help.
10,May the world get warm soon!
6,It's not a movie to watch for fun or touching. It's like watching a documentary
10,Lebanese movie? I want to watch it because it's amazing
10,How many times did Zain laugh in the movie?
10,Some movies change the world and values of the viewers. This movie is that kind of movie.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
9,I hope your smile lasts forever
9,"People get sick and die there." I can't forget what the girl I met at the market said.
9,a movie that is indescribably
8,the action of a film as a good function
10,The child's eyes that gave up on everything were not due to perfect directing.
10,It wasn't a new school. It was fun because the boy had the power to live.
10,Just watch it. Just watch it
10,People who are doing something wrong to their children should see it. They don't know
9,It's a heartbreaking movie about children who are struggling with various social and international structural problems. The main character is really good at acting.
10,The best movie I've seen in the last two years!
10,It breaks my heart. I recommend the best movie ever crying
10,Hope for every child
10,I recommend it so that you can watch it. Who knows the pain of these children. What can we do?
10,I cried for a long timeI can't believe I made a movie like this
10,A movie that we really need right now
10,It gives you feelings that you can't express. It's not forced.
10,I want you to be happy. The step out of the movie theater was too heavy.
10,A boy who wanted to be a good person and a mother who visits her grown-up son by buying "candy" as if she believes he has a childhood innocence. I'm still in the street. Hesitating whether to buy tomato juice or not.
10,It was a movie that I could look back on
10,Directed the opposite of the Korean New Wave
10,It was more heartbreaking that it wasn't fiction
10,I'm rooting for Gavanaughing!
10,a poignant reality
10,My tears dry up because I'm sad
10,Make sure you watch it. There's no point in saying it. Watch and feel it
10,Arab movies are good. I can see the truth about life
8,I felt like I was chewing raw meat.
10,The stories around us that are close and far away
10,May every man on this earth live with the rights they have
10,It was a heartbreaking and warm movie.
10,It was a movie that made me think about refugees.
10,Realistic and resonant!
10,I hope more people will watch this movie. It makes us think where our lives are. Through this movie.
10,My face is red. I'm trying not to cry
10,The main character's acting is really good and it's a very moving and sad movie
10,It's a must-see masterpiece for teenagers
10,Decadence is given to those who do not properly fulfill the miracle of family.
10,It was so heartbreaking. Her smile was so pretty.
10,A movie where a lot of thoughts and feelings are made
10,I'm surprised that Idlecasting is real
10,How can I explain this? It's not an easy story
10,Movie of the Year 2019 1/27
8,My heart was filled with tears beyond words.
10,I cried my eyes out in the last scene. There's no forced tear-jerking scene. It's more emotional than any other movie. A film that could not be produced from any white compassionate perspective.
9,Gavanaugh: Old Palestinian City
10,The lives of children born with endless suffering and unhappiness because of ignorant and cruel adults were heartbreaking.
10,A child's life is so tiring. Can we say that we are having a hard time in front of this tiring life?
10,We all lie. I wish I had a lot of money. A film that just pretends to be meaningful to be okay.
10,It was such a heartbreaking movie. I'm happy that the actors are living a happy life
10,I thought I didn't deserve to cry
10,A movie full of tears
10,Don't think about it and watch it!
10,I'm feeling overwhelmed.
10,The movie that made me look back on my mother
10,Watching this movie is taking hundreds of hammering out of your chest. And it's bruised that it's real.
10,It was a really touching movie
10,The movie is so mean. You're so mean. It's amazing. The highest level. The level that the director pursues and dreams of
10,I saw the best that I could show in a movie
8,It was a perfect movie until the end
10,Please give me a lot of movie theaters like this. It's a masterpiece that I think will come back in my life
10,The eyes of truth are different from the eyes of idols
10,It's a story that can happen to us
10,The movie we should pay attention to!
10,I want to cover my child's dirty face
10,I couldn't easily skip a single scene.
10,I think this is how movies should be made
8,The despair of the main character makes us think about the meaning of the film title 'Gavanaugh' which makes the audience feel sad.
10,It's a really good movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,It was so sad to see you at a young age of 12 with no smile and no worries
10,I got the impression that it was a representation of the slum reality. It's hard to express it as it is. I've seen the pain of plain people and poverty
9,A movie that makes you think about how to live
10,How should parents feel about their children?
10,I couldn't stop crying after the last child laughed.
10,I don't need a lot of movie talk
10,It's the best movie of the year.This is what it's like to do good things with good talent.
10,It's sad. I'm touched by his acting. I'm touched by the casting story.
10,I think you have to watch it
10,What life is. How to live.I think the child expressed the harsh reality well.
10,Who drove the children to the streets? Does human dignity disappear in the face of poverty?
10,It was a lot of fun~~
10,I'm touched. I recommend it
10,I regret not being warm to people who are more difficult than me crying
10,An unforgettable and unforgettable movie
10,It hurts more because it's so realistic
9,The twist in the caption right before the great movie ending credit... Spacing out!
10,I can't get rid of her smile. I hope you'll be happy in the future.
10,It was good. It was good.Gavanaugh
9,It's so touching to see one side of the world we live in
8,I drew a lot of things realistically I can feel the reality
10,It's the first time that I haven't been able to stand up until the end of the movie. I was so relieved to confirm that the main characters were closely related to the story and were helped by the organization. Make sure you watch it
10,A child's cry for irresponsible adults! The best movie ever!
9,"I wanted to be a good adult when I grew up."
10,It's a movie that makes you think againThe movie was really good
10,I cried and cried the whole time.
10,The tears in the scene where he was moving crying to hand over Jonas...
10,I hope more people watch it Heartbreaking movie to watch all the time.
10,Why does my head hurt and I can't breathe? I can't leave after the movie
10,No one should be born a curse. It should not be a job where no one lives.
10,Such a good movie. The ending is perfect and the actors are good.
10,There is no need for words. Everyone in the audience is crying. A painful but precious movie. Everyone should see. Really.
8,Sad. Sad. The reality is sad
10,The last smile was so pretty that I couldn't get up
10,He is a born actor The last cut is really unforgettable
10,It's really good. This is what movies are like
10,I realized for the first time that a movie could resonate this much
10,I think this is what a movie is like.
10,I can't get the last smile out of my head.
10,A must-see movie. But there's hope.
10,It's a masterpiece that digs into people's hearts throughout the 126 minute running time.
9,I just want to give up everything and help
10,I ran right away on the opening day.It is a movie that I want to watch again with my acquaintances.I wish it would be a little longer.
1,Like fabricated? Did I get fooled by the ratings again? Never watch low-budget independent films or documentary films.  It doesn't suit me 100%. Hardly restored movie taste can drop.
10,It was very moving.
10,The children's acting is touching.It reminds me of Jonas.I applaud the director.
10,I can't get up when the ending credit goes up. A movie that has a lot of lingering emotions and makes you think a lot
10,Make sure to watch the movie It touched my heart throughout the movie
10,I have to watch it.The world created by adults...
10,Definitely the movie of the year!
10,I wanted to be a good person
10,A film that makes you think about the role of parents. It was a touching movie that shows the weight of life through the eyes of a child.
10,It's a great movie. I cried a lot in the last scene of Jonas's hat.
10,It's the best. It's been a while since I saw a movie like a real movie.
10,I cried a lotcrying
10,This kind of movie is not a waste of money and time. I want to express my gratitude to both the director and the actors.
10,It's a movie that touches my heart
10,Does God even exist?     The smile of Jain brings me to tears.
8,The one who understands the essence in the harsh reality is older than me Your parents' excuses are like our old excuses
10,A Study on the Present Situation of Real Dog Pigs' Life to Human Pigs Who Pout Because They Are Hungry
10,Touching... It makes me think a lot.
7,I sue God.
10,It's not an ordinary slum storyThe movie that cost more than the price of gas in Busan last year
10,It's making me feel sad crying
9,A child's accusation of thinking where it went wrong. "Don't let your parents have any more babies."
10,Heartbreaking reality...It's touching.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot Make sure you watch it. You won't regret it
10,100 out of 10! Please let everyone see Gavanaugh
10,This movie will definitely lose N.
10,It's a touching movie where you can even hold back your tears
10,No child is born wanting to be born. All children are the parents' greed
9,Beirut and Gavanaugh
10,Reality is more heartbreaking.
10,A movie that allowed me to reflect on my relative happiness and be satisfied with what I have. I was so sorry the whole time.
10,The reason why I can't help but cry at the last smile is because I regret my life in Hell Joseon
10,A surprising interpretation by critic Jung Sung-il.  A good movie was made ten times more touching again.
9,A story about a ray of hope illuminating the dark and deep despair. It is heart-warming to see the biggest victims of bad habits and socially entrenched evil deeds rather reject the bad habits and seek true humanity. The ending will be stuck in my memory until the end of the year.
10,A movie that makes me want to send hellish people to Lebanon all the time.A 21st century masterpiece reminiscent of Italian neo-realism.
10,the expression of one's own toward the world
10,I wish you happiness like a child now
10,I feel weird. It's hard to say in one word
10,This is a movie. I hope the day will come when all the people on earth will be happy
8,His smile was like sunshine
10,This is not poverty porn. Adults should let children know. There's a god.Whether it's absolute poverty or relative poverty.
8,The acting of the main character in the movie is very natural.The desperate situation of refugees is naturally being staged
10,It feels like I'm eating 100 sweet potatoes without water. What should I do with this gloomy feeling?
8,There's no document to prove human. There should be none.
9,The power of the film to keep you warm beyond the screen
10,I hope you all watch it once in a while.
10,I'm suffocating the whole time. I have nothing to say Make sure you watch it
10,It still lingers. Zain laughed and I cried
10,The ending scene... I cried so much I strongly recommend it
10,It is angering to portray irresponsible and debauched adults with children's eyes. a film that is really needed in this age to raise awareness of social issues
10,a self-evident document that proved itself in the eyes of the world
10,The whimpering in the theater...
10,Take the tissue. You need it at some time
10,I'm so proud of her. She's so handsome.
10,A movie that can't happen right after it's over. It's a movie where you put your hands together and cry inside
10,Anger from the boy's parents / Responsibility in the boy's actions / Guilty in the boy's eyes / Endless tears in the boy's monologue / A movie that saw hope in the last boy's smile. I hope the number of theaters will increase so that many people can watch it
9,It's so nice... I almost cried
10,I feel like this year's first movie will be my life moviecrying
10,I understand why everyone is telling me to watch "Gavernaum." Make sure to watch it Watch it twice
10,So that children and children who want to grow up to be loved and respected can be realized in reality...! It's even more heartbreaking because it's the story of those who are living really hard lives. Let's hope everyone can see it! I recommend the best movie of my life movies.
10,It's a time when the reality that's more than a breathtaking movie is revealed from the child
10,By far the best movie of the year. I can't get rid of my lingering feelings. And Jonas is so cute. Crazy
10,It is a must-see movie for many adults who are worse than children and those who mention Hell Joseon. I hope many people can feel how grateful this movie is for the ordinary life we enjoy.
10,A movie to think about refugees again
10,But there's still hope...
10,The victim becomes the perpetrator and cries out for victimhood. The young person suffering from it
10,Please take a look at it. It is a movie that deserves a standing ovation. I cried a lot.
10,I think there will be many parents who will be accused in this land.heartbreaking
10,I watched Han Jimin's recommendation video and watched it on the opening day. I'm glad I watched it It's a movie that deserves a 15-minute standing ovation in Cannes
10,I want to make a movie like this
9,A boy's cry for adults who only give birth and don't raise them
8,It hurts my heart. It hurts even more because this reality still exists
10,It is heartbreaking that the life of a boy who desperately maintains his life in the pain created by adults is the real life of countless children in reality. I hope that the movie's intention will be realized so that children can realize their dreams on their own and that their pain will no longer be repeated.
10,It's a masterpiece that shows everything that's not captured on camera
10,The movie that really lingers in my heart after watching it... I can't stop thinking about it.
10,I can't compare with the forced touching of the new school
10,"My mom's words poke my heart like a knife."
9,A boy's cry for adults who only give birth and don't raise them
8,It hurts my heart. It hurts even more because this reality still exists
10,It is heartbreaking that the life of a boy who desperately maintains his life in the pain created by adults is the real life of countless children in reality. I hope that the movie's intention will be realized so that children can realize their dreams on their own and that their pain will no longer be repeated.
10,It's a masterpiece that shows everything that's not captured on camera
10,The movie that really lingers in my heart after watching it... I can't stop thinking about it.
10,I can't compare with the forced touching of the new school
10,"My mom's words poke my heart like a knife."
1,Why is this in 2nd place...
1,Geukyeom
1,I'm from the Rating and Valuation Committee.
1,Why is this in 2nd place? I hate it
1,I don't know why this is the highest rating
1,Rating Too High
1,v
2,I hope you can keep this with your fans
10,I'm touched by the final episode of the drama.
1,I hope MINO doesn't come out a bad singer
10,It was a great performance. My mother was most moved.
1,Your GPA is too much
10,It's so touching and full of love
10,It felt like I was watching a drama.It's so nice.
10,It was the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama.It was the most moving documentary film. Everyone watched it comfortably like a concert
10,It's the best movie where you can feel the emotions of the concert vividly.
10,It's a touching story that shines even more after enduring a long time. I'm touched by crying and laughing together
10,He was more like an actor than the actor in the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama. He sang and dominated the stageA girl group dance cover song. She's an entertainer who's so cute and talented I'm rooting for those who are looking forward to the future
10,I almost cried while listening to the song. Sincerely delivering the lyrics...And seeing your bright smile makes me smile. It was a healing time. It was more meaningful because I watched it with my mother-in-law who likes Jang Min-ho.My mother-in-law liked it
8,Emperor Pill of Noir to Nige Honey
1,Who is Jang Minho?
10,It's different from the movie concert that I want to keep alive
1,I guess it's personal preference
2,This is a movie? This is a movie. This is a movie?
1,No fun... It was such a waste of time
10,I felt warm because of Jang Minho's song that everything changed because of Corona
2,There is a reason why the total number of visitors is less than the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 per day on the 5th day of its release.
1,It's really not funny. It's like a waste of time
10,A movie with a touching story! I strongly recommend it
10,I had a soulful shower
10,Touching on the screen is another memory
10,I'm so happy to see MINO's dance comment in detail. Thank you
10,I was so touched and happyI love you.
10,It was so nice to be able to feel the excitement of the concert I thought that Minho was a great singer and I wanted to see him again I recommend the final episode of Jang Minho's drama
10,The concert was so touching. Another movie. Thank you for the joy. Your personality is also great
10,One can only see one thing Make sure you watch it. You'll see it again
10,It's a movie where you can feel the emotion of Minho's concert again. ^^
10,It's different from the concertThe sound was good and it was great to see you up close
10,I'm so touched by the final episode of Jang Min Ho's concert drama. Voice that touches my heart. Time flew by while I was crying and laughing. It felt like I was at the concert
10,It was so sentimental and I loved it was so nice
10,It's full of content and 100 times more touching.I watched the first concert in Seoul. I was touched because it felt like that.Minho's singing ability and expression change according to his emotions is a charm that can only be seen on the screen.
10,It felt different because my favorite singer came out on the big screen It was even more touching
10,It's a drama that you can't see anywhere elseI can't tell you how touched I amThe final episode of the drama concert that you want to show to many people
10,Our lives are also the main characters in the drama.Jang Min-ho's music gives healing to the struggling neighbors living in this era. It was a happy time.
10,There's another touching moment from the concert.I was crying and laughing... I enjoyed the final episode of the drama with a story.
10,It was so touching and different from the concert
9,It's the most touching moment for Jang Minho's fans.
10,You can fall in love with Jang Minho's charms
10,It was good to see the delicate expression through the screen that was not seen on the show or the concert and Jang Minho's deep musical skills were conveyed in depth
10,I watched a masterpiece movie that touched my heartI look up to you again
1,Half a star is enough
10,Watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama on the big screen made me feel twice as touchedThe dance song was so exciting that the song came out of the mask while crying and laughing all the time. I watched the drama as a touching fan where Jang Min Ho's story and life were completely relieved
10,It's different from the concert
10,It's a movie that's fun and touchingI strongly recommend it
10,I'm so touched by the concert again.It's a concert music video where you can definitely see Jang Min Ho's performance as an entertainer.
10,Time flew by with joy and deep emotionHis singing and dancing skills captivate Jang Min Ho's performance and his MC-like performance I'm going to watch it again tomorrow. I want to watch it again after I watch it
10,It was a happy time as I was watching the movie theater screen with its unique charm
10,It's so nice to see the excitement of the concert on the big screen.The memory of that day comes back and cheers internally.It's not about seeing a good thing.I don't get tired of seeing and being happy.Thank you for bringing back the warm memories.
10,It was nice to see Minho in the final episode of the drama I wanted to keep that touching moment The best movie. Thumbs up
1,What do you mean 9.93? Are you kidding me?
1,One star is enough
10,Jang Min-ho gave a different impression than the final episode of the drama - the concert.It was good to see the facial expression of Jang Min-ho when he sang.It is a good movie that can heal you by crying and laughing while watching a movie.
10,It feels like the concert is really touching.
10,Jang Minho's drama. The best drama in the final episode
10,The song is really good. And the expression that delivers the song is really real and stands out
10,It's enough to fill up the sadness of not being able to go to the concert!
10,I was touched by the final episode of Jang Minho's drama
10,I was so touched by Mino's concert videoI was happy the whole time.Jang Min Ho forever ♡♡♡♡
10,I'm so touched by the concert again
10,It's like watching a concert in the VIP seatI went with my husband and had a touching time
10,It's different from the concertTime flew by as I laughed while crying
10,I watched it without knowing the time was passing. I was touched again at the concert. Every second is so precious and I'm thankful. Thank you to Minho Jang and his agency for making good works.
10,I went to the concert myself. It was so touching. What was better was that I could see Mino's delicate expression on the big screen. It was so lively ~♡♡♡ There's nothing to expressIt's so touching! Make sure to watch it^^
10,The final episode of the drama is so awesome and I'm so into it
1,I don't like trot singers.
10,It's definitely touching^^
10,I wish I could focus on Minho. His singing skills and charm are touching enough to make me want to see him again
10,It's different from concerts. Mino is always cool
10,I really enjoyed Jang Minho's dramaIt was so touching
10,The last story of Jang Minho's solo concert...The first step for another start was so touching and happyI'll always be rooting for you
10,It was touching
10,He's an artist who doesn't understand why 24 years of obscurity was longSomeone said thatI think that's right
10,It's the most touching drama. It's more touching than any other movie
10,I was so touched at the concert. It was so good. I watched it with my middle school daughter. She said it felt like she was at a concert. She said it was so good. Satisfied. I wish you all the best
10,I love Jang Minho's songs I was so touched by his acting I got emotional because it felt like a concert the whole time I watched it I wish you good luck. I'm always rooting you
10,Jang Minho's drama "Cha Jonghoe" is so touching
10,It was different from the last episode of Jang Min Ho's drama concert  Watching the music video makes me want to see more concerts
10,I got in trouble because I was so emotionalI'm so moved that I'm crying. I should go watch it again
10,It was the best movie that showed Jang Minho's personality and good influence
10,I enjoyed the final episode of Jang Minho's dramaIt was the best movie because I was able to feel the touching and touching moments of the concertMINO's every word was so touching  I'm always rooting for you
10,I was touched by the concert and came back I'm looking forward to Drama 2
10,The final episode of Jang Minho's drama is touching. The movie I want to watch again and again is the best
10,It's like watching a concert
10,I'm touched by the final episode of Jang Minho's drama It's different from what you see at the concert
10,The music video that you want to watch again and again
10,It's different from the concert
10,I was touched by the final episode of the drama The happiness and excitement that makes me feel like I'm at a concert. I fell in love with you again
10,It's so touching I'm happy the whole time I see you
10,I really enjoyed the movie. I'm touched
10,I really enjoyed watching Jang Minho's movieIt was even better to think about the concertOnly in Jang Minho's documentary films
10,It was the most touching performance^^
10,It was a movie that touched the heart of the concert and touched the heart of Jang Minho
10,It was a heart-warming time where I could feel the emotions and sincerity of the song
10,It was good as if we were enjoying the concert on the spot. It's a good thing that Mino looks close to me.It's been a long time since we sang and clapped. It was fun
10,It's fun and touching
10,Jang Minho's live performance is still alive. You're the best!
10,Jang Minho's favorite drama. Good
10,MINO's solo concert is the best
10,It was so touching and it was a great time to see the concert again^^
10,It's different from the concert's touching moments~Please go and watch itYou'll regret it if you don't see it^^
10,It's different from the concert's touching moments~Please go and watch itYou'll regret it if you don't see it^^
10,It was another touching moment to see the drama concert at the theater It was like a concert hall when I saw it on the big screen I laughed and cried. It was a fun day I was so sad about the 2 hours
10,I enjoyed watching the final episode of Jang Minho's dramaThe comments and performance videos that reflect your singing life were touching. I'm sending you interest and support on Jang Min Ho's singing path
10,It is a tearful music movie delivered in one beautiful voice
10,Different from the heat at the concert? It was like that. It was like that back then. It's nice to be able to see you comfortably. Minho is the most handsome guy I've ever seen on a big screen^^
10,I was so touched by his great song on the big screen that I enjoyed the final episode of Jang Minho's drama I'm going to watch and watch another honest drama
10,It's as touching and touching as any other work.Human... Excitingly relieving stress~~Highly recommended
10,I was able to feel Minho's charm in the theaterLet's laugh together and be moved together...It was such a happy time while watching the movie^^
10,It feels like we've gotten closer? It's different from the concert
10,I'm so touchedI feel like I'm at a concert with MINO's vividness^^ Thank you and thank you
8,Thank you for enduring the final episode of Jang Minho's drama and coming all the way here I always support you and love you
10,The final episode of Jang Minho's drama was so touching. I was happy for 2 hours because it felt like I was watching the concert again
10,The movie still lingers afterwardsDo I have to take an annual leave because I want to go again tomorrow?I think we'll see each other a few more timesI was really impressed.
10,The final episode of Jang Minho's drama was so touching. I was touched again at the concert It's a drama like a drama. I'm just thankful that MINO's life is changing Stay healthy and happy. Walk on flowery paths in the mint field I'm always rooting for you
10,I'm so touched. I still can't go away
10,There's a story behind Jang Min Ho's song.The choreography is full and touching
10,It means that the song and gesture of Jang Minho in the concert drama movie go well together. It is a concert drama that made me laugh and moved.
10,I'm touched. It was the best drama
10,It was different from the concertI'm so satisfied and I ended my healing day
10,Watching a drama from a concert as a movie makes me happy with another charm
10,It's so touching and good that I want to cry. I want to see it again even though I saw it twice
10,It's different from the concert. I was able to see you up close. It was a loud echo of the master of touching island
10,It's so nice to be able to feel the emotions that I felt at the concert once again. I'm so touched by your performance.
10,I was so touched by Jang Minho'The scene where Jang Minho is doing a concert is so cool.And he's so handsome.It was so cool.
10,Watch the concert live on a big screen
10,Our singer was so cool and nice I hope you walk on flowery paths
10,It was nice to see the parts that I missed at the concert
10,I went to Jang Minho's drama concert movie today He's so handsome on the screen. He's into dancing and singing Recommend.
10,I watched the final episode of Jang Minho's drama The time went by so quickly. It was a concert movie that seemed like it would go by so quickly even if you look at it for 4 hours. I'm so touched. Tears are falling down. I want to go watch it again
10,It was fine.
10,It was different from when I saw it at the concertI strongly recommend it^^
10,I was so touched and touched by the concert. I had a happy time being drunk on Jang Min Ho's human side and singing with unique emotions
10,I was able to watch it happily
10,It feels like a musical. I'm touched
10,It was a touching drama that showed off Jang Minho's charms
10,It was touching the whole time I watched the final episode of Jang Minho's drama
10,It was a happy time because I saw MINO's pretty face and thought of the concert  I'm going to see you again in Suwon
10,You're giving me a different vibeI was happy to be able to see the emotions that I was happy ~
10,Laughing and crying...Time flew by.I was happy to see and feel the details that I missed at the concert.
10,The various performances and story songs were all touching and I saw a great performance like a live emperor.It's a movie that won't be a waste to watch
10,I was so happy to see MINO being touched
10,I watched Wonju cqvIt's so touching
10,His expression seemed to tell the story of his lifeI strongly recommend it
10,I'm so excited about your solo concert. I wish you success
10,It's so touching that I think I'll see you again tomorrow
10,It was a touching and healing movie that made the audience cry and laugh. There's a long lingering feeling that I want to see you more even after watching it
10,It's a movie where you can feel the vivid emotions of the concert more delicately It feels like 2 hours have passed in an instant I want to see you again and again
10,It was great. I'm going again tomorrow
10,The choreography was great. Jang Minho's song made my heart race. I was touched for 2 hours
10,Jang Minho is definitely better than I expected
10,It's a movie that has a lot of details and feels like a real person. It's warm
10,It was the best. Pit-a-
10,I was so happy because the big screen was filled with handsome Minho that I couldn't see in detail at the concertI put all the small expressions on your eyes where you laugh and sing because you like itThe song and the visual beauty were the best
10,It's been 25 years since Minho had a solo concert. I'm so touched. I'm sad to think about how hard it must have been to spend so many years of unknown time. I cried while listening to Sabu song. Always walk on flowery paths from now on. Today's wave of emotion seems to be lingering for a long time.  Minho's charming voice. I always love you. I got your back.
10,The final episode of the drama is amazing
10,It's different from the concertThe preparation process and interviews... It was such a happy time
10,It was nice to see each expression on the big screen. It was a time where I was moved by the song and honest talk Time went by so quickly I'm planning on going back to being touched
10,I felt the emotions of the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama. I'm satisfied with the feeling of a concert
10,It's touching and make sure to watch the sound!
10,I watched and listened to the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama I'm so touched. I'm going to watch it again tomorrow
10,It was so touching to see the final episode of the drama at the concert and the movie theaterIt's even more touching to see cool Minho
10,The concert was so touching and I lost track of time
10,It's different from the concert. I'm tearing up. Take a look Watch it twice You'll keep watching
10,He's more like an actor than Jang Minho. He's the best singer and a great movie actor
10,I was touched by the actual concertI cried and laughed along with MINO. It was such a happy time
10,The expressions and dance lines that you couldn't see at the concert. Everything was touching
10,The story of Jang Minho's drama music video was touching
10,It was a healing day because it was so touching and fun.
10,The final episode of "THE MOVIE CONCERT" is touching and fun. I want to watch it again and again and again
10,I'm touched by the final episode of the concert movie drama where you can feel the concert with all your heart and soul
10,It was a drama that touched my heart even more than any other movie
10,All the songs are touching.
10,I was touched by what I felt at the concert.I'm really into Mino's infinite emotions^^
10,Touching healing fun. Eye-pleasing^^
10,It's so touching and touching. It's embarrassing
10,The Best Singer's Touching Stage
10,The story and video skills to know more about Jang Min Ho were well-organized
10,It's fun and touchingI was happy the whole time
10,The resolution is so good and the story and composition are so good
10,I was so happy that I was able to feel the emotions of the last concert
10,It was so touching and it felt like I was watching an actual concert. It was so nice
10,I really liked the final episode of another touching drama on the screen
10,Jang Minho's charm is well expressed and the best drama that fits perfectly with the movie title
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it It's the best.
10,It's more touching than I imagined. Jang Minho is the best
10,I'm so touched. There's something else  I got closer to the song and each expression made my heart tear up  I respect MINO's sincere comment
10,It's exactly the same as the concert. It's already over after listening to a lot of good songs and being amazed by their cool performances. I held back the applause and held my hand tightly.  I'll be rooting for you and waiting for you to resolve this disappointment at the next season's concert.
10,It was so nice to see the concert through a movieHe's also a national singer
10,I'm so touched as much as I'm watching the concert
10,The final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama is the most touching movie I've ever seen I shouldn't take a look I miss you more
10,I couldn't take my eyes off from the beginning to the endI was really impressed.
10,The excitement of the concert! You need to see good things on the big screen
10,It was so touching while watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama I think I'll be happy for a few days
10,I was moved and had fun at the same time.
10,I want to watch the final episode of Jang Minho's drama and the lingering feeling of the concert
10,Those who watched the concert and those who didn't can watch it as if they were watching the concert
10,She's a great singer who brought back the excitement of the concert
10,I was so happy that I could feel the impression that I received at the concert through the movie
10,The touching song video and honest interview touched my heart
10,Jang Minho's final episode of "Luxury Voice" and great stage manners.Performance and stage production were all the best
10,Thanks to Minho... My eyes and ears are so happy. ♡ Thank you and thank you I love you ♡
10,Thank you for making such a touching drama.^^ Jang Minho is the best ♡.♡
10,It's more than a concert~~~♡♡♡
10,He's so good at singing and he's so cool
10,It's different from the concert We were able to see the true side of human Jang Minho
10,You can feel the excitement of the concert once again. The movie is fun and touching
10,It's been 25 years since your last drama concertEntertainer with talent and emotions. I'm rooting for your sad voice
10,It's different from the concertI can see you up close on the big screen and the sound is great. Thank you for making this movie
10,I was happy to feel the excitement of the continuous concert.
10,I was so touched after watching the final episode of the drama  MINO is the best
10,It was nice to see a great performance at the concert at the movie theater.  The singer's sincere words and sad songs made me cry.  It was so touching  I want to see it again
10,It's a great movie to know about Jang Minho
10,The touching moments. I remember the concert set again concert
10,I really liked Jang Minho's drama concert. It was like a dream to watch a movie I am happy.
10,It's so touching that I'm going to see it again tomorrow
10,The final episode of the drama is touching
10,It's an extension of the concert with the overall frame. Thank you to the singer who works hard on the big screen. I'm touched
10,It was different from the concert  I'm going to see you again tomorrow
10,It's different from the concertI'm waiting for Mino's next concert
10,It was even more touching to see the details of Jang Minho's drama's final concert
10,The real fans only watched the final episode of Jang Min Ho's concert once and it wasn't enoughI want to see you twice in a row and see you again That's what I thought
10,I was touched by the song. I want to see you again.
10,I was touched by the final episode of the drama
10,Thank you for the great movie
10,It's so touching.
10,I felt like I was watching a concert
10,The final episode of the drama concert can't be better than this. It's so touching
10,It was so nice to see detailed facial expressions while singing The best singer here
10,It's fun and touching
10,It was so much fun! I was really happy that there were a lot of songs that I knew I barely got permission from my mom to watch it~~
1,It was worse than my birthplace
10,I recommend you watch it when you want to cry. It's a documentary that makes me think about my parents once again.
10,It was a movie that made me cry
10,a dazzlingly beautiful wanderer
10,I was able to cry endlessly after watching the video with sincerity
1,It warms my heart.
10,May he rest in peace.
10,It's very touching. I cried a lot.
10,I have nothing to say.
10,It's a movie that makes you want to go dig for naengi when spring comes.
10,It fills my heartMiss you.
10,Chef Lim Jiho's warm heart and delicious food... It was very impressive to see you making food for the grandmother and grandfather of Jirisan Mountain It's been a long time since I haven't seen it in a while
10,I happened to see it on TV. I think I will remember it for the rest of my life.I miss my grandmother's house in the countryside.
1,I don't like it
10,I felt the depth that I can't describeI was so touched and it hit meI can't believe I've finally seen such a good documentary.
10,A moving documentary film that I happened to watch while changing channels
7,Rating Board...
10,It's time to think about your mother again.
10,I watched it without thinking and now I' Love. A movie that makes you think deeply
10,It was more touching than any other movie.It's a movie that I want to watch again quietly on my own one day when I have no place to control my mind. I think it'll warm up my hard heart...
10,Watch it two or three times.For real
10,My heart aches~I can feel your sincerity
10,Why am I getting so emotional?
10,There's a great longing behind a gentle smile and a good-looking face  It's a movie that touched my heart and made me miss it
10,It's so touching and fun
10,I'm sad and sad. Thank you
10,I pray for the repose of the late chef Lim JihoIt's a movie that makes your heart flow
10,It's calm and touching
10,I write it down while crying It is a very good movie...
10,The movie matches the late chef Lim Ji-ho.
10,I happened to see Mr. Lim today and he passed away too earlyIt was a movie that made me think a lot. I can't feel the calmness
10,It's a great movie that fills your hunger as if you ate too much healthy and delicious food!
10,It makes me think twice about my old mother who lives with me. It is a sad but beautiful movie
10,My heart aches. I agree
10,It's a life of a great man that touches your heart
10,It's touching. I can't express it. The deep echo doesn't go away for a long timeAnd I miss teacher Lim Jiho~~~
10,It's a quiet but deeply moving movie that I watched with tears in my heart
6,I give you 6 points because I am sad
10,I can feel the pain of the main character
10,My mother's story is very heartbreaking and Im Ji-ho's sincerity is touching.
10,I learned the true meaning of life through the teacher I hope you can live in peace in the sky
10,You must have left early to meet the mothers of the three people you missed. I hope you are happy with your mothers in the sky.I will remember your warm heart.
10,Please prepare food with your heart.Grandmother's smile...It came to me with a loud echo.
10,It's the closest documentary that I've ever seen
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,It was really touching. I pray that you will be happy in heaven
10,I've seen this twice nowI cry a lotI'm so touched. I pray for the repose of the deceased
10,I just knew he was dead without knowing.Bob Information is making me cry. Your expression is so kind.I'm sorry to have sent someone so close. I pray for the repose of Samgain
10,Pray for the bliss of dead.
10,It's so touching
10,I miss you more after watching the movie because I miss you.Thank you. We had a nice time. Now I hope you meet your mother and have a good time forever. Thank you to the director and the staff.
8,The deep affection of the table for the mother who met her on her journey as if she were running away to find her mother's longing.
10,I can't stop crying because I miss you all the timeIt's a movie full of calm and moving thoughts.
10,Rest in peace...Have a delicious meal with your mother in heaven!
10,May he rest in peace.I just watched a movie called Babjeong. I miss it so much
10,May he rest in peace. I watched "Bapjeong" on TV today and I'm overwhelmed by your warmth
10,Thank you for reminding me of happy memories...
10,Thank you and thank you for giving me a sincere impression of my life when you were alive. May the late Lim Ji-ho rest in peace.
10,A child is raised not only by child but by heart.
10,May he rest in peace.
10,May he rest in peace.
10,Food meditation. Person meditation. Life meditation
10,Who will follow that food?
10,It's a work that combines nature and life with the life of the main character
10,Teacher! I miss you so much and miss you. I hope you are comfortable there.
10,It's more heartbreaking
10,It's great. Beautiful people are jealous. Thank you for leaving such a beautiful life
10,I definitely recommend it The person who put philosophy of life into cooking
10,The best movie of my life...Pray for the bliss of dead.
10,I hope you live happily with your mother whom you miss so much in the sky. May he rest in peace.
10,I've never seen such a moving and high-quality work. I think it's a life documentary with amazing twists and turns. Why does the turbulent life of Lim Jiho come as a sadness?
10,Thank you. It's a good movie
10,I can see your heart moving.It's touching.
10,Watching this movie makes me so ashamed and reflect on how much I want to pay for what I'm doing now
10,It's a good documentary film.
10,It's so touching
10,I miss it. It's friendly. I wonder what more I need to say.
10,It reminds me of my parents
10,the energy of eating together a gentle impression
10,I miss my mother. I miss my hometown. I'm so busy that I can't see you often that my heart aches.The best documentary that warms my heart
10,It's a movie with the soul of Chef Lim Ji-ho!I feel like my five senses are clear with emotions and tears
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,I can't forget the beautiful scenery of Jirisan Mountain and the longing for my mother
10,Why do you feel so sad and cry when you prepare food for your late mother in Jirisan Mountain?I can feel Jiho's sincerity from the screen.I'm leaving a message because I felt a touching humanity after a long time.Rice-jung is the best!
9,Our desperate and soulful food was made from the old stop.
10,It was so good that I didn't want to comment.
10,It feels to see the prototype of the food.Lim Jiho infinite respect and tribute to your.
10,A man's sincere motherhood
10,I enjoyed watching it with my father.I want to recommend it to many people.
10,It's been a while since I watched a moving documentary
10,I respect Chef Lim Jiho.It was warm and it left a deep impression on me. I hope you watch it.
10,It was really touching. I highly recommend it.
10,A Healing Movie with the Breath of Nature
10,I don't know what I meant in my past life to come and cook for me.How many people meet face-to-face and eat together as there are 6.5 billion people on this planet?" said my grandfather. The preciousness and gratitude of a meal. And the sublime love of a human being expressed by serving a meal with care. Food is love ♥
10,The most beautiful ritual table in the world!
10,It's a movie that makes us look back on a lot of things that we forget in our lives. Have the best moment with your loving family right now.
10,It's a heart-warming movie^^
1,Kim Chi Yeul's rating manipulation is amazing. Let's do justice
10,I I'm surprised that rather lose track of time and saw while watching a documentary film.My heart is moistened.
10,It's just... it's the best.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words I'm still emotional
10,A masterpiece... I didn't think about it.Ha
10,It's the best movie...It was so touching. Thanks a lot.I dedicate it to the mother of the world who filled someone's cold hunger.
10,The philosophy and lessons about food are so true that I can relate to them
10,It's so calm and touching. I feel like I'm healing my soul while watching a movieIt's the best! Good!
10,It's a movie I want to go home
10,The old lady in the mountain village and the chef are so beautiful. It is a movie as beautiful as beautiful food.
8,I was touched when I tried to sympathize and understand why the chef was so wandering.
10,It's okay to live a little more seriously
10,The food and the people are beautiful
10,A movie that made me realize deeply the meaning of cooking to someone.Missing always echoes back to my heart.I miss you.
10,Please take a look 전 I think it would be good to watch it again when I think of it sometimes.
10,It's a meaningful thing to live.
10,I hope it'll be aired on TV as a regular program It's a warm movie
10,I cried a lot while watching it.
10,It's a very moving body.I learned a lot from the way Im Jiho cooks all night to prepare a ritual table.Human Im Jiho is so cool
10,This kind of movie is not boring. One food is fixed
10,There is no world without its mother
9,A movie that reminds me of my mother.
10,I missed my step. It's hard to imagine what it would be like. I was touched by the affection. It makes me think of my mother and my family. It's a very grateful movie.
10,I respect you. I want to be like you even a little bit
10,Chef Lim Ji-ho's Samogok has become a great piece of work with beautiful nature and the elderly I realized once again that food is art It was so touching
10,It was a time when I thought of my mom
10,I can't explain it.
10,It's a really nice movie with no pretense. He's so cool
10,It was a moment when I realized how precious I am
10,I miss my mother...crying
9,It's touching. I have a lot of complicated thoughts. I strongly felt that I should be a good person to my family and many people in the state. I respect you so much and thank you to everyone who made a great movie.
10,I think he's really something. I respect.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. I'm deeply moved.^^*
10,It gently brings out the feelings of human beings that have not been forgotten in the heart
10,There's no need for words.It's just the best movie.
10,I learned how warm Im Jiho is
10,It was a beautiful and touching movie.
10,It's so touching.I thought I should be nicer to my parents.
8,It's a video full of longing that reminds me of my parents who passed away.
10,My missing name is my mother.
9,I was a professional fan who came out on the weekend morning
10,I was so into it that I started to cry from the middle part of the song.Thinking about my parents...I lost track of time and came out
10,It was a real documentary film that touched my heart.It's a touching story...Mother... It was a movie that made me think a lot about three letters
10,Let's divide the relationship with rice It's so touching. I hope many movies like this will be produced
10,Missing you. And it was time to think about my mom and my family! Please make sure everyone watched it!
10,It was a movie that I was moved and happy to watch with my mom!
10,Dooly: Give me food
10,I hope all the people will see it at least once
10,I think it'll be a turning point in my life and a chance to reflect on the days I livedIt was touching.
10,I was so sad I want to see it again
8,It was my first time to watch a documentary movie and it was very good
10,We will increase the attitude and wisdom of utilizing nature
10,Let's make friends with rice.I strongly recommend Bobjeong.
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie  I'm so touched.  Thank you for making a good movie
10,I'm crying because I miss youI saw the autumn leaves last year.It was touchingThe screening ended quickly without even knowing when it ended.
10,I didn't know Bobjeong was this heart-breakingly warm. It was the best movie for me this year.Thank you.
10,a lingering impression and emotions
10,I cried a lot. I'm so proud to have such a person in Korea. I respect the chef who shares affection with the food that contains life.
10,I can feel the warmth of a meal. I will give warm and sincere love to my parents who are alive.
10,I can't do this. I cried out loud in the theater.
10,Everything that exists on this land is precious!
10,I remember what you said to me."You have to live up to your mother's tears" I'm still engraving it!! I thought about eating my teacher's meal and came back with a happy face for the first time in a long time!!
9,Thank you for your lifeI wish you all the best in your future
10,Chef Lim Jiho's special story above the chef.
10,I couldn't stop crying the whole time crying
10,Sympathy and love for strangers
10,It was a calm and long film that lingered
10,It's a beautiful movie where we share our precious food
10,It seems to be a movie that makes me think a lot. It warms my heart. A really good movie!
10,It's the first time I cried as soon as I started. It's a moving documentary movie
10,I cried because I remembered someone I missed. I was comforted by how much rice means to us and watching you cook with all your heart. It's a heartwarming movie that makes you realize the importance of the present.
10,It's the best. I got to know a good son named Lim Jiho.
10,I was touched throughout the movie~~
10,It was the best movie ever
9,I miss my mom.
6,Preparing food means thinking of people who want it to make them laugh. I also want to prepare for the relationship with the person I love with this much care.
10,The fundamental longing for mother is well expressed in food and mountains
10,I could feel the weight of parents in their livesI can relate to the age where I have to get ready to say goodbye
10,The price of taro tears in my mother's stone clothes
10,It's a movie full of humanity and calm emotion. I was amazed when I met Chef Lim Jiho's dish with love and soul for people I really want to recommend this movie~~♡
10,It was great. You promoted it well. I enjoyed it
4,...like watching a human theater in a movie theater
10,I want to have it as a movie of my life that conveys healing emotion beyond just a documentary.
10,That I miss people. It makes me sad that there's nothing I can do for you.It's a movie that lingers for a long time.Watch a movie before it's too late and I hope to see you again when your parents are alive.
10,It was so touching and better than I expected.
6,It's more about the body than rice.
10,Both the visual beauty and the story were great. Ricejung who shed tears and snot... It is a movie that my family must watch together.
10,It was a work where I could feel the importance and gratitude of the deep Woollim family.
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression.It makes me think about the connection in our lives.My grandmother's beautiful smile keeps coming to mind. I hope many people watch it ^^
10,I can't forget my grandmother's
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,The chef's low narration from time to time brought out various emotions deep inside. It was a great movie.
10,May everyone in the world be happy with food.
10,I was impressed by the movie theater in the morning.I thought of my mother a lot
10,The essence of healing movie that makes you cry while laughing ♡
10,Everyone could face the love they had in their hearts through the movie. The shared meal of Hansang is finally completed with the warmth of the people sitting around.
6,The deep echo of the word food to us who are more familiar with cooking.
10,We were chosen children who could watch Digimon Adventures as children
10,Memories of my childhood. Did I become an adult? Bye! See you again!
1,It's not funny
10,Ha... I can't believe I cried after watching a cartoon.
10,Masterpieces are always fresh
10,I felt like I was in the movie for the first time.What Agumon said to Taeil was what he said to us when he saw Digimon
1,I can't believe Pikachu came out so coolcrying
10,We're all grown-ups now
1,Are you kidding me?
10,I cried my first tears when I turned 30. I can't write down my emotions
10,I felt like I was breaking up with my childhood. I hate it now that I'm becoming an adult.
10,It's so nice.It felt like I went back to my childhood.
10,The saddest movie I've ever seen... Why does time fly so fast?
10,I cried and had a runny nose when I saw TAEIL as Matthew
10,We were the chosen children then.
10,An animation about the process of becoming an adult chosen by the chosen children.
10,Everything is perfect It brings back memories of those days
10,Hi! Digimon! And hi...Digimon...
10,I was so sad that I kept crying.I'm thinking about my own growth.
1,I don't like it
10,I was happy with Digimon as a child.
10,We can't go back to 10 years old now.
10,TAICHI... You've grown a lot
10,I wasn't too sad after watching it until the end. Because it meant that their journey was not over yet.
10,The best Digimon movie ever
1,Not funny
10,It reminds me of my childhood memories and makes me feel sad
10,A message to us who are compromised and relieved that we might be hurt if we take a step forward facing reality
10,I think it is a masterpiece that delivered a happy ending to us who became adults with the main character of Digimon.
10,It was a movie that told me about my childhood and separation when I was a teenager.디지 It was a movie where Digimon friends became the same age as me and could keep memories together.
10,Legend
10,I cried a lot. Thank you! I will not look back on the past but move forward to the future.
10,It was similar to Toy Story
10,It's my first time seeing a review and crying
10,Thank you for everything. Bye!
10,A predetermined fate... Just like people don't know how long they live.Breaking up comes suddenly.
10,The Best Finish in the Digimon World
10,I watch Digimon in my 20s which I haven't seen since elementary school.Agumon's last line is empathy. My childhood is over.
10,Take care.
5,It's like a copy of course. I almost threw up every time I heard Beruch's English pronunciation
10,My childhood memories still make me cry as an adult
10,It's so clever that it reminds me of Digimon Adventures I saw when I was young in the 2000s. I'm very satisfied with the old Digimon Adventure/Power Digimon
10,I'll see you again.Certainly
10,If you were a generation with Digimon in the early 2000s... I can't help but cry...
10,The best movie of my life. Our childhood memories and dreams are always with us.
10,It was a very sad Digimon that made us realize that we are now adults
10,Anyone who's seen Digimon as a kid can't help but cry in the last scene.
10,I got goosebumps when the whistle blewI want to go back.
10,It was a pleasant finish. Hello Digimon
1,Why is this third place by GPA?
10,Digimon from the past. It's so nice
10,This is the movie version.
10,Hi.
10,But I didn't want to break up. 8m8
10,Did 20 years make this movie?
10,I miss those days so much because I can't go back.Digimon's 20-year collection of works is the best.
10,Memories are the cornerstones for moving into the future.
10,We grew up a lot. Digimon is telling us that we're all grown up
10,I cried. I was happy to be with Digimon who was born in 1994It's a beautiful farewell
10,Thank you. Please share my childhood with meWest
10,Agumon's last words were so sad.
10,High-definition Digimon makes it grandI'm sorry to the writer director that I couldn't watch it at the movie theater.I'm downloading it through NAVER.Thank you.
10,I almost cried at the end
10,I'm sad that I feel like I'm saying goodbye to my childhood. I was so happy that I was with Digimon when I was a child that I didn't want to end forever
10,People in the 90s cry.
7,I don't think they'll come out anymore. It's sad but bye
10,Ha.. I am crying now since I got older.
10,The famous line "exactly" it all starts here.
10,I cried when I was 30 years old.
10,I recommend it to anyone who liked Digimon Adventure.
8,Digimon generation in the 90s need to listen.Forget everything else. The memories of watching Digimon...
10,Digimon. I'm so touched when I can trust and watch Digimon
10,Please look... Digimon ♡
10,I cried in the theater for the first time
10,Best movie to send childhood memories to precious people
10,It's like a reality show. It's so sad at the end. I'm always preparing to break up.
10,The last one. It's really...
10,The animation that impressed me more as I became an adult.
10,Agumon...? Papimon...!!crying
10,The movie that made me the happiest when I was young makes me sad because I became an adult. Thank you for making me happy.
10,Menoa Belucci. Everything's perfect except for his English pronunciation I cried my eyes out
10,A powerful piece that gave the message that we should move forward. Memories of my precious childhood.
10,MORPHOMON: Always together...
10,It was the most interesting and instructive movie I watched recently. It lingers so much...crying
10,Let's move on. Towards the future
10,When Agumon said he grew up a lot at the end...I guess we didn't even mention it.crying
10,Thank you for being with me at the beginning of my childhood
10,I sobbed to see if he was having a hard time and depressed these days.
10,I'm 30... All my childhood memories were explained by the last scene. I had no choice but to cry bitterly...
8,Thank you for growing up well.
10,The chosen children are now adults to choose from.
10,It was really nice to feel the nostalgia of those days.And I saw the sadness of moving forward as an adult and the hope of moving forward at the same time.This is a masterpiece.Just watch a masterpiece no matter what
10,The story was philosophically great
10,We have grown up and will continue to write new stories.
10,I watched it without thinking...I remember myself liking Digimon when I was young and watched the movie with tears in my eyes
1,Byul
10,I'm just tearing up. I recommend you to watch it.
10,It was an honor to spend my childhood with Digimon.Hello Digimon.
10,A masterpiece enough to wash away dog-eat-dogs like the Digimon Tri
7,Digimon of memories. It was worth watching
9,I think the next movie will come out that makes you feel like you're an adult
10,I have a good relationship with my childhood. And it tells me to move forward because I am an adult and just tired of life.
3,Old memories
10,Ha... I became an adult.
8,I tried to hold back my tears and burst into laughter at the last line of Agumon.
10,I cried. That's it
10,It was nice to grow up watching Digimon
10,It's great. I feel like I got the right message as an adult
10,I cried. I don't know why
1,This is 11 points
10,Anime that will be most touching from mid to late 20s to early 30s
10,Anime that brings back childhood emotions. I can't even compare it to a real tri... It's something that adults can relate to
10,It's a story to children who are chosen as adults
10,It's Gamdong. I'm in my mid-20s and it reminds me of my childhood when I watched Digimon a lot  I can't wait for the sequel to come out!  Last but not least...
9,Catch me! A brilliant tomorrow
1,Why give 10 points to a movie made by the Japanese? Chewy?
10,I'm sure everyone who's seen this movie since elementary school would have cried after watching it.
10,Turn off the tri...
10,I liked the story about the problem of having to break up with the partner Digimon as the children who were chosen grew up   I almost cried
10,The story is touching.
10,It reminded me of my childhood when I watched the scene while overlapping the old scenes.
10,It's a movie for adults who shared their memories.
10,Thank you for being with me
10,The beginning of the journey to reuniting movies for us
8,BGM's high level of utilization
10,I can't help but shedding tears
10,The best... I really enjoyed it The movie version is the most lingering impression...
10,It's a cartoon for adults after Toy Story 3
10,Make sure to watch it! Really!
10,I think I'm going to cry.인생 It's my life's work. As expected...
10,Make sure to watch it! Dog recommendation
10,It was a sad but perfect ending.
10,It's over the line... This is the best Digimon theater version that adults who grew up watching Digimon when they were young can't stop crying. Hello Digimon.
1,I want to give 11 points.
10,It feels like I'm leaving my precious old friend
10,Hello... Digimon...
10,The last greeting of my childhood... Thank you very much
10,I cried my eyes out.
10,Agumon. Papimon... I'll go binge-watch it again.
10,set fire to the man's heart. I'm so sad
10,I'll never forget it.
10,I cried while watching it. My memories...crying
10,DIDUCKS are about to cry at the end...
10,We're all very tall...
10,I don't need to say anything?
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life that I'd never see if I had to watch it again
10,I hope TAEIL and Matthew can meet Digimon again
9,There is a meeting because there is a farewell.
10,The comments are sadder than the movie
10,I'll never forget you. Always be with me in my memory
10,I'm crying... the generation that grew up watching Digimon Adventures as a child would relate
10,There is now because there are memories
10,The best finish to Digimon...
10,Then we were all chosen children.
9,We're always together
10,It's the best... It's my first time writing a rating and I wish Digimon lived somewhere on my phone.
10,I really cried and watched it. I think I ended my childhood memories together
10,Never leave a bottle of tissue next to you at home. There was no try in the first place.
10,Just like how we are right now.
10,I just watched it for killing time because I remembered when I was young. It's so sad. It has a lot of meanings.
10,The Digimon generation will all grow up to see this So I could relate to that and I was sad
10,This is not a memoir. It's a new adventure between us and Digimon.
10,Thank you for all those years. Hello Digimon.
10,I have no choice but to give you 10 points.
10,It's a beautiful ending
10,It's already been 20 years since I saw Digimon
10,It's been a while since I felt the thrill. This is Digimon
1,rating adjustment
10,I think I became an adult too quicklycrying
10,I've been watching rockfish
10,It feels like 20 years with Digimon is coming to an end
10,I saw the end of my childhood
10,Thank you for the best movie
10,Make sure to watch it regardless of the reason
10,Being an adult but breaking up with my partner Digimon is so hard I met myself as a child
10,This story was really sad and touching. grown-up
10,We were with Digimon Adventure at the time.
10,I feel like the second act of my life started after watching the movie.
10,Once we were all chosen children
10,When I was young... When my pretty young mother calls me to eat... I remember jumping up from the sofa and running while watching Digimon. Why am I crying when I think about the dinner time when I smelled soybean paste stew?
1,to break someone's heart
10,It's so fun.
10,Ah... I was happy.
1,For rating adjustment
1,Hall of Fame
10,I don't want to see you again.
10,My eyes are swollen because I cried so much. Perfect from beginning to end
10,The beginning and end of Digimon is always Taichi's whistle
1,It's not fun. Why is this the highest rating on NAVER?
10,It's not a movie for children. It's a movie for us who grew up watching Digimon
10,Digimon is a real legend...I'm crying
10,Make sure you watch it
10,It was the most touching moment.
10,I want to eat melon bingsu
10,I sent Digimon through this movie. Hi.
10,Thank you for giving me a chance to look back on my childhood in an hour and a half.
10,...I'm somewhat movedI enjoyed it
10,I'm touched that the Digimon I saw when I was a child became an adult. It reminds me that I still have a dream in my heart
10,I really liked the OST!
10,It's like a movie that's more than a memory
9,I can relate to the comment that you broke up with your childhood
10,I cried my eyes out while watching the animation.
10,It just lingers so much.
10,I cried.It was so sentimental
1,Stop manipulating the score!
10,DigiVice is the latest model lol
10,It was a time when I looked back on my childhood when I watched the reruns on Anime Tooniverse before I was born
9,I really enjoyed myself. [Laughing]
10,indescribable emotion
1,It was a musical instrument
10,Crazy. Crazy. I poured out the emotions of my childhood
1,have a high GPA
10,I will work hard for a better future by recalling my childhood memories.It's a very good work.
10,The movie that people who watched Digimon Adventure on KBS2 can't help but get 10 points
10,When Agumon Papimon disappeared... Tears
10,It's a movie that can't contain all the emotions I felt after watching the movie. But it's a movie that has memories that people who watched it can understand even if they don't say anything.
10,A movie that must be watched by generations who remember Digimon Adventure. A movie that makes them feel how precious and precious childhood memories are.A movie that finds out that I've really an adult.
10,Who knew I would get emotional while watching Digimon?
9,I miss those times.
10,I think it will be an unforgettable movie version.
10,My dear Digimon is not over
9,You're old enough to be touched by Matthew's harmonica
10,I almost peed when the whistle blew
10,They taught us how to carry the past and move forward
10,Hello Digimon
10,I already wrote everything I wanted to say
6,Is being an adult really learning to give up one by one? Is it mature to know how to give up?
10,Hello Digimon...
10,Thank you for being with me when I was young
5,What's that...When you use it from the past and throw it away because you don't need it?
10,After seeing it. It's sad. It reminds me of when I watched Digimon Adventure when I was young and I was spaced out for a while thinking that Agumon Kabumon that I know disappeared. The last hopeful message that we can see again makes us look forward to it again
10,Why can't I stop crying?
10,I don't know what to say It was just a theater version that filled the laughter and tears and emotions throughout the movie.Those born in 1990 and who have seen Digimon since they were young will be able to make memories and tears.
10,I felt like I was robbed of everything. I kept crying for a while.
10,I want to give more than 5 stars
10,Thank you.
10,It was a great movie that made me feel like I was leaving my childhood But I was so happy that you gave me hope to move forward even if I let you go. My score is 10 points!
10,This ending is so sad... I hope there are more follow-ups
10,Does anyone know the name of the last evolutionary species?
10,The heart of breaking up with me when I was young
8,A movie for adults who saw it as Digimon even when they were old. It showed only the typical story without dragging it out. That was better.
10,It's the first time in my life that I have a rating. Those born in the '90s must see. It wasn't just a Digimon movie.
10,I felt like I grew up with TAEIL when I was young
10,Now I'm old enough to send Digimon.
10,The end of 25 years of Digimon... Goodbye.
10,Memories of my partner Digimon in the practice room
10,TAICHI grew up a lot.
10,The whistle has grown a lot.
10,It's just a masterpiece
9,It was a good movie to finish the cartoon of memories called Digimon Adventure beautifully. Except for Sora's portion...
10,have grown up
10,Oh my god
10,I cried... I can see myself becoming an adult
10,The best masterpiece. It's a work that can't help but shedding tears.
10,This is what I say to everyone in my adult life. What kind of movie can I watch as an adult and feel this much emotion?
10,I cried a lot. Please watch how it feels to have grown up with TAEIL and Matthew Take a look at it three times. Take a lot of tissues
10,I just want to go back to that time
10,It's really the best...It's been a while since I cried
10,Digimon is really the best masterpiece.
10,It was like telling me not to lose my dream even when I become an adult
10,I don't know
10,I cried while watching the most beautiful ending
10,Hello Digimon
10,It's a masterpiece and suicide prevention movie for people who've experienced Digimon sensitivity when they were really young
10,It really touched my heart then.
10,I became an adult with Digimon and the chosen children.
10,Things to lose in the process of growing from child to adult
10,It's more fun than I thought
10,I think we grew up together since we were young. Thank you.
10,I was happy.
10,It's not just that time. It's a real Butterfly
10,Indescribable Emotional Digimon
10,Let's move forward with tears in our eyes because we can't run away into memories.Thank you. Digimon in my memory
10,Watch the Digiard TV summary during Peninsular time and go watch this. It would be more touching if you cried after watching this than if you were looking at it.
9,I cried a lot while watching it at the beginning of 30 seconds.
10,Why? It was a movie that made me think a lot even though I'm still a child
10,The last one is a very satisfying ending It's Yeowoon
10,But you still have to move on
10,I got a message from my long crush that I am getting married today.And I found out today that this movie was released.It's kind of hard to break up twice a day.
10,I'm thankful that I can feel that time again
10,I cried my eyes out
10,I cried so much that I'm out of my mind. Watch it alone at home I cry while crying.
10,I cried my eyes out
10,The power that leads to infinite reunion after breakup with childhood innocence
10,A man cries four times in his life.
10,I was so excited when I was 11 years old that I left my friends who were with me on TV
10,A work that brought back memories of my childhood after a long time ago
10,Thank you for being with me.
10,I'm 31 years old. It's really sad. It was a content that I could concentrate on while thinking of the past. I yawned while watching Tri... It's really well-made.
10,I thought you were selling your emotions to make money during the trial. I really cried while watching it. What happens after that?It's so sad if it ends like this
10,It's really different from the tripe. It makes my heart grand.
10,It really feels like I was separated from my childhood.I cried my eyes out I can't be an adult. I'm not an adult yet.crying
10,make me look back on my life as the years
10,It felt like we wrapped up Digimon Adventure Thank you.
10,I was able to feel the nostalgia of Digimon again after a long time and I think it ended neatly. Ost and direction was good
10,The whistle is driving me crazy
10,That's how the Old Digimon Adventure ends. It was really impressive and touching.
10,I feel like I've left my childhood with you. crying
10,It reminds me of my old dog...I should've done better until the end.It's a sleepless night
10,I think this is the first time I watched an animation movie in the middle of the night
10,A masterpiece is so sad though. : :..
10,I cried my eyes out for the first time after watching the movie I broke up with my childhood
10,I cried as I brought back my old perfume.
10,It was so touching. Thank you for allowing me to reminisce about the past for a while. I highly recommend movies.
10,I almost cried in the bus...
9,We've all grown up
10,It should have been 6 episodes of "Kids' Night" instead of "Kids' Night".
10,I still have tears and lingering feelings...I had a lot of thoughts after watching it.The ending lyrics are so sad.
10,Agumon Evolution Graymon Graymon Evolution Metal Graymon
8,Ah... I made this well...I don't know... the probability of Digimon Adventure 02...
10,What? Hurry up and make a follow-up with Kids.
9,I highly recommend it to those who enjoyed the Digimon Adventure series!
10,It was well-made and touching.
10,The movie version that I watched with tears in my eyes thinking about my partner who once existed.
10,Remembering my dog... A movie that promises to meet again
10,It was a relief that the main character and Bailey had a happy ending! I was so happy to see you again. I think I'm going to love Bailey from this moment onBailey is a lovely veil no matter how she is born!
8,I can relate to it from a dog's point of view
10,I cried a lot because I thought of my dog crossing the rainbow bridge. I like to hear that you're going to meet your master later. I hope we can all meet one day.
10,It's the movie that touched my heart the most in years
10,I cried my eyes out. It's a really good movie
10,I'm crying. Really...… It was so touching and the dogs all acted so well that I was so immersed in it
10,The last word seemed to be the most necessary word for me right now. I had a lot of thoughts.
10,This is why I watch movies. It feels like a gift
8,Watching the movie reminded me of my dog.
10,It's the best. I watched it while thinking about tears and hope that went to heaven.
10,I'm going to call my kid's name a lot
10,Watch it when you're having a hard time It warms my heart
10,I can't believe I'm impressed enough to write a rating on NAVER's movie.
10,It's a touching and fresh movie that makes you fall in love with it's been a while
10,It's really my favorite movie. It's already my fourth time watching it
10,For people who have dogs... Wouldn't it be the best movie? I think I kept crying It's so touching. It reminds me of my dog
10,I'm so touched... I really recommend it
10,My puppy pats me while watching the movie. This moment is so precious too
2,I give you two points because I'm sick of girls crying so much
10,Crying thinking of my dog.I'm sorry. I'm an ugly owner
10,I don't need to say anything. You're the best
10,What's this movie?I thought it was a one-act play and the ending was goodPersonal life was like that of a person
10,I've lived without envy... I'm jealous of only one thing. Who hasn't seen this movie?
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,I hope that Benny will come back to me in any way he can and recognize me.I hope you live a happy life.
10,The story that everyone who really loves their dog wants the most...
10,I couldn't focus on the movie 우 Because I was crying
10,It's so touching.How can puppies be like that?
10,I cried for the first time while watching a movie. Recommendation!
10,It's a movie that makes me cry
10,The movie that clears my mind the most out of all the movies I've seen recently
10,It's a touching movie♡
10,I think I know why they even held a sob screening... It's very touching
10,I think each dog's story is no different from our lives. "Let's have fun."
10,I really cried while watching it crying
10,Tears... Even the tip of my nose...
10,Let's keep seeing each other again!
8,It is hard to make such a good movie with cliche and far-fetched settings.
10,The movie that made me cry a lot was really touching
10,The movie that came to me differently after raising a dog... Lovely and teary
10,The movie of my life. I watched it because I liked dogs. It was so touching and fun 스토리 The story is good and touching. Watch this and "Hi Bailey" too
10,I can't help but cry
10,Puppies are loveI'll protect you until you die. I love you ♡
9,It's such a touching and wonderful story^^ Lovely Beelie♡♡
7,There are a lot of dogs that cause harm to others when they go to the park.
10,It's fun.
10,It's a touching movie that's warm and touching. It's fun and I'm proud of all the puppies' acting
10,How many times did I cry? It was a touching time
10,I'm touched. It's fun
10,It's been a long time since I saw a calm moving movie.It's not boring to watch it twice in a row.I think there must be a reason for other animals' behavior
10,Who was Mongsil?Bear? Coke?
10,Touching! Touching! I thought your voice was Yoo Hae JinIt was more fun because the foreign voice sounds familiar~~
10,A touching movie that touched my heart after a long time ago
10,I was so happy to watch it. It's been a while since I fell in love with this movie.
10,I can't believe I've learned everything she's learned in her fourth life. What a great fortune!
10,And at the end...☆
10,It was so touching and sad that I was annoyed. I wish my dog who crossed the rainbow legs would come back to me.
10,I've watched it 10 times and it's so touching
8,Empathy is something like this. People who have raised pets cry while watching...
10,A movie that made me smile while being warm and touching. I could have a good time with my family. The puppy next to me looks more lovely
10,Life movie. Many people will.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen for the first time
8,I was sleepy because I saw it at dawn. I was a bit emotional when I was a police dog
10,A dog that has been reincarnated with memories visits its original owner and offsets its previous life's establishment. Dennis Quaid is still cool
10,a film that is easy to watch
10,I cried a lot after a long timeI was comforted by the memories of the past
10,It's always good to see a happy ending?
10,A movie that makes me want to raise a dog
9,I want to raise a dog a big dog like Bailey
10,(Singing "G?
10,The most touching movie I've ever seen in 2020
9,The last word seems to be necessary for a tired society. I'm touched. 5000%. Make sure to watch it
9,Boss dog! Woof! Boss dog! Woof! Woof! Boss dog! Bark! Bailey??!!
1,This isn't right. How dare you beat Terminator?
10,It's really the best movie of my life.
10,It was a movie that I wanted to show to everyone in the world♡
10,The best movie. Watch out for your tears
10,I really want to see my baby again. It's a really good warm movie
10,It's a masterpiece. It was enough to make me cry because I've never raised a puppy
9,It was touching.
10,It was so much fun.
10,It's sad...
10,The moment that made me want to raise a dog the most...
10,Olaf will be reincarnated as Bailey
9,It was fun. It was touching
10,It's so touching. What would a dog's life be like?
10,I cried over this weekendI have to be nicer to the dog. I'm so touched
10,Makes you feel cathartic in a depressing situation
2,Why is the cat that stays still? It turns out that the director was born in the year of the dog
10,It's a touching and warm movie
10,I was sad throughout the movie because my dog crossed the rainbow bridge first. This is a real masterpiece.
10,That's a great story. It's so touching
8,A cute and lovely movie. It's a little below my expectations.
10,It's my life movie. I've never seen a movie that's so touching and empathetic.
10,I watched it with my dog who is undergoing chemotherapy. I cried a lot. Do you want me to reincarnate my dog like this again?
10,It's really touching. I want to see it again.
10,It was so touching and fun to be reincarnated and returned to the original owner~~
10,I happened to see it and it was so touching. It was so warm  It was fun thinking about dogs like that
10,I want to be with Judy Carrie forever
10,I'm so touched. It was the best movie I've seen recently
10,Let's share our love with all the animals.
10,It's a movie with both sadness and emotion. It was perfect for me A healing movie that never gets tired of laughter and tears every time I watch it
10,5 stars for crying 5 times
10,Boss dog
10,Will I be able to see you again?
7,There are warm beings who comfort and heal just by looking at them
10,It's a movie that's so touching. It's my life movie
10,Bailey... I cried while watching it. It's such a nice warm movie
10,Best movie ever...
10,A movie without regrets. I watched a good movie after a long time
10,It was worth getting up early on Sunday morning.My heart feels warm. You're the best!
10,OO Super Ultra Capsong Power Masterpiece
10,Just tears the whole time I see you.I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I apologize. I love you. I love you
10,A movie that makes you feel emotional just by watching it.
10,I keep crying while watching Bailey. May all the puppies in the world be happy
10,It was so touching It's my life movie
10,It was really impressiveIt's not provocative but funIt's touching. I strongly recommend it♥
9,Warm movies! I strongly recommend it as a family movie^^
9,How are you doing over there? My family misses you a lot
6,Why can't I give birth to a baby when I've been a dog for 4 times?
10,Our Kongsik is also a puppy leader
10,I was just really happy the whole time
10,What would you have done if you hadn't seen this movie? It's so touching!!!
10,Crazy... I miss you so much
10,You can enjoy Olaf's voice with lovely puppies. (Olaf's voice acting is really the best...) A movie that makes my heart warm and happy.
7,a small and beautiful film
10,The first movie that made me cry three times while watching a movie
10,It's so touching. crying
6,The reason for raising a dog.
10,It's the best. I kept crying because I remembered my old dog who was lacking a lot It is a good move.
9,How many times did you cry? Puppy is love.
8,Hi Bailey! It's you!
10,I'm satisfied.
10,I've come to understand dogs better It's so touching
10,I can't help but shedding tears I'm so touched
10,It reminds me of the dog I had when I was young.It's a warm movie that can be watched by anyone or anytime!
10,Always looking at me...
8,I got in trouble because I wanted to raise a dog that gave infinite affection to humans throughout the movie. The sacrifice of a dog who is loyal to a person even after reincarnation was sad and so cute
8,I feel emotional when I watch it
10,The best Bailey is love
10,The fifth movie I saw... I cried my eyes out.
10,The critics are giving me such a low score.I was really touched and enjoyed watching it.A low score doesn't bring back a sense of professionalism.
10,I still don't know why this movie series doesn't appear. It's a movie of my life. Especially for pet owners
8,I wish you'd come back like Bailey.
10,It's so touching. The best movie of my life
10,I watched it yesterday and cried. It reminds me of cats in heaven.I hope my cat was born again in a good place.
10,It's Bailey.2
7,It's an ordinary drama that makes you feel touched
10,You'll see why you're in the top ranks. I hope you watch it
10,Even the best movie sequel of my life is perfect
10,Let's live happily.
10,Living as a human being is like a bee A movie to watch when you feel it. What a pure soul.
10,A must-see movie for dogs.
10,This is so sad
9,Touching... Fun...Got it
10,A heartwarming and beautiful movie. It's a movie that makes me think that people should learn a lot from animals.
10,How many times did I cry the whole time?I hope you come to me even if you're born again like a movie
7,a heartwarming and lovely movie
10,Donuts are always next to me
8,A touching panorama story
10,The best movie... I hope my child doesn't forget me and stays with me.
10,The good movie was so lovelycrying
10,Is there a creature like a dog that gives unconditional love? We will make you happier when we are next to you. Walks and snacks all the time.
10,I really enjoyed itI'surely
10,A movie that wept throughout the whole time.Why am I crying?What does Happy think?What do you want to think about and talk about when you see me who can't go home often because I work in a foreign country?I want to see if it's pretty.
8,It stimulates your tear glands and makes you look back on your life
8,A really good movie that touches your heart. It's so touching even though I don't have a dog. I wonder how touching it will be for people who have a dog.
10,It's good. It's so touching
10,The movie that made my eyes tear up...
8,I was so into this warm and kind movie starring dogs as Typhoon Lingling heard the wind passing outside.There are scenes where tears naturally get heated up.
10,I thought it was more touching because it was an obvious story. I was so sad that I didn't forget even if I was born again and again.
10,Bye! Bailey will be released tomorrowI cried a lot when I watched Bailey Again. It was a touching movieI'm looking forward to the next episode^^
7,a humane encounter between Buddhist philosophy and apprenticeship
10,Let's do well when we're here. Dog's dog's life is too short.
10,Best movie ever. Best movie ever
10,The feeling of recognizing Bailey...
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It reminds me of my puppy. It's fun
10,It's more than just a puppy
10,The best movie. I want to have a dog
10,It was a heart-warming movie
10,It's the first wordless movie to leave a rating.Touching.
10,It was good to see the life and thoughts of dogs.It's a sad movie
10,I strongly recommend it! Oh! Bailey! Bailey! Bailey!
10,The best movie. I almost cried
10,The movie of the greatest emotion and love
10,It's so beautiful and it lingers in my mind. I cried a lot
10,It's a heart-warming movie. Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey
10,It was the best movie for me who loves animals. I hope my 12-year-old dog stays with me for a long time
10,I hope Kangji lives and comes back to me... I couldn't stop crying because I thought of Kangji throughout the movie.
10,It's such a beautiful and heartwarming movie I was able to look back on myself and think again about whether I've lived too long and I had a hard time holding back my tears... It's a crazy beautiful and happy movie... It's a movie that lacks 10 points
10,Ah~~~I watched this movie with tears in my eyes because I thought of my puppy who crossed the rainbow bridge a few years ago.Will my dog come back to find me?crying
10,The last scene... He cried
10,I cried my eyes out. It is such a beautiful movie. I hope you can come to me forever.I burst into tears at the end
10,How many times does a bad movie make you cry?
10,Just watch it no matter what. a heartwarming movie
10,I cried a lot in the middle of the day.
10,It's my first time writing down my GPA.Please look...
10,It was so touching. I cried from beginning to end
10,Let's just give love to angel pets who give generously.
9,It's touching. It gives me a good message.
10,I was happy and sad the whole time I was watching. Make sure to watch it!
1,It's not fun. Movies have to be fun. Boring. Bring back my time
10,A heartwarming and uplifting movie. And the automatic tear button
10,A must-see movie if you like dogs
10,Marley and I cried after watching a dog movie. I cried after watching a movie
10,I felt directly that animals are the purest creatures in the worldTake a look. Take a look at it twice It was so touching
10,It was a movie that left a lot of emotions
10,I cried a lot in the last scene thinking about my puppy who went to heavenI want to meet him again and pat him
10,It was so touching. It's lovely
10,The reincarnation of the dog is a fun operation of a fun setting
10,It is indeed a blessing to be born in a good environment.Let's not lose anything important because of the courage and pride of a short time just by loving.
10,A masterpiece came out after a long time!
10,It's the best movie ever crying
10,Make sure to watch it. It's been a long time since you all cried
10,It's touching. I recommend it.
10,I cried while watching it. So heart-warming
10,Every scene from the beginning to the end is touching
10,back and forth to one's original position
10,Please be born again...So cute. I will still be pretty even if I am born a hundred more times. a movie that will never get tired of watching againI highly recommend it!
10,A touching story that anyone who raised a dog would relate to
10,The last line touches my heart.
10,Our plum! I love you so much!
10,Best movie. A movie that lets you know the joy of life that you have to live with a purpose.
10,It's my first time to get a movie score. The best movie to understand your pet's heart
10,It's a masterpiece Recommend.
10,A movie that makes animals more affectionate. A movie that makes us love Mingming more
10,A movie that reminds me of my hometown's dogs and the dogs that I used to run with when I was young
10,It's the best compliment I can give
10,It was impressive. But it's not that fun.
10,Why did I know this movie now?
10,I resent myself for my lack of expression.I can only say that it's good for a movie that's so touching and warm.
10,You can express it in two words. Awesome.
9,Puppies are really good at acting. It was cute and touching
10,The movie that made me cry the whole timeThinking about Pooh and Sarang...
1,Non-State Burden of Coastal Ports along the Hard Circular Road
10,A movie that makes you cry without hesitation.
10,It's a warm and peaceful movie ♡
10,It was a beautiful story like a fairy tale
10,It was so touching and the puppies were so cuteI don't get tired of watching it many timesIt's been a while since I cried and laughed so warmly I want to find a dog in my life
10,She's so lovelycrying
10,A movie that warms my heart
10,It's the best. I'm just tearing up. Puppies are love. Seriously!
10,It's fun and touching^^
9,Be here now! It would have been better if Garden and Hannah were happy to meet sooner
10,It's a heart-warming movie. I cried a lot while watching it
10,I'm really touched.I was impressed by my life movie
10,It's so touching. I think it'll linger for a long time
10,It's touching. I really recommend it
5,This needs to be heard from the cat.
10,I hope you're happy wherever you are
10,Please come to me when I'm born again
10,Fantasy for all dogs
10,I love it. I want to recommend it
10,It's my first time to get a star.It's so much fun.
10,Life is fun and happy.
10,You can register up to 140 characters.Any content or spoiler that has nothing to do with the movie may be sanctioned by the terms and conditions.
10,It was a movie that lingers in my mind
1,I can't believe it.Really
10,Life movie... There are so many things I felt
10,I cried so much that my eyes were swollen
10,A movie that makes you happy and warm
10,You just have to look at it.
10,It's a movie that I want to show my son when he grows up. I really enjoyed it and I hope my dog stays with him for a long time
10,You're the boss dog?  I've never felt this way since Eightville. It's fun. Puppies act is the best. It's a good movie
10,A pet is a family.
10,Bailey cried every time she died and cried again at the end.The best movie of my life.
10,I cried many times. Hing Bailey is lovely
10,Bailey and Wally cried at the end I hugged the puppies in my lap and said "I love you" and "Thank you" over and over again
10,a warm and interesting movie
10,I'm so touched... I really want my puppy to be next to me...
10,I hope it's always like the touching moments of this movie
10,I kept crying because I remembered my cherry who went far away. I should have been nicer to her and loved her.
10,I kept crying because I thought of my dog while watching it. I hope we can live together for a long time
7,I can't put animals on the cast list?  Why
10,It was a happy and immersive movie all the time.It was definitely the best!
10,I'm so touched
10,Look. I recommend it.
10,You have to keep this movie.
10,Bailey's Gain is such a good movie
10,What should I do?  My favorite movie... There's nothing missing. It's the best. I hope it's realcrying
1,Goppa is a social evil.
10,Dogs are love. Better than man.
10,I don't usually cry. a well-balanced spring of tears
10,Wow... It's my favorite movie.  Make sure to watch it
10,A touching movie. A really touching movie
10,It's touching and fun! Recommendation Recommendation >.<
10,It reminds me of Baro I used to raise.
10,It reminds me of my dog who crossed the rainbow bridge and I hope to meet him again someday...!
10,I hope the movie "My" comes out on "Happily" I'm so happy. Will Mongsil be able to come back? I really want to watch it again
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,It's my first time leaving a star. I kept crying because I thought of my dog It was my favorite movie
10,I hope that Korean people will be with their dogs as a true family forever
9,I saw it on TV and it's touching
10,That's the best... That's all I can say.
1,I've been watching it for an hour and it's so boring. When will it be fun?
10,It's so touching. I need 10 more points. Make sure you watch it
10,Bailey's a thousand times better than man
10,I think this kind of movie is a masterpiece
10,A movie where a dog is waiting
10,It's a must for those who have dogs... My whole family cried.
10,It's the best movie. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that makes you want to watch again. A movie that makes you cry
10,Bailey Again. I love it
10,I'm so touched for the second time-- 10 points short
10,I found out a good movie late
10,The dog was so cute and the title "Bailey Again" hit home
9,A movie that really heals me
10,It was so nice because it was a good picture of the dog guardians who wanted to come to me even if I was born again.
10,It's so much fun. I'll watch my life's movies and read books
9,Each story was touching
10,It's touching. I believe that our dogs will meet again later
10,This movie is so good. Bailey Bosdock
10,The first perfect movie of my life
10,I hope Ddochi who crossed the rainbow bridge misses me somewhere and lives happily. ^^
10,Now I hope to meet my pretty child across the rainbow bridge someday.
10,A series of touching lines...crying
10,I cried four times. The last scene and lines are also the best!
10,Legendary Bailey Legend Bailey Gain Legend Puppy Legend
10,It's a touching movie. a movie of one's life
10,A movie that reminds me of my dog
10,To be a bit of a jumbo at this moment.  That is the purpose of life.   I'm touched~~~
10,It's my first time getting a GPA. The movie is so good.
10,Angels who give humans unconditional and unlimited love to the point where they wonder how they can only give love like that. Let's be happy here today. I love you!
10,I can't stop crying.  I'm so touched.
10,Thank you. It's fun.
8,Let's do well when we have pets. A touching and warm movie
7,A movie about a puppy's life in a calm and warm way. Draw the meaning of life in the form of a pure puppy like a child.
10,A movie where you laugh and cry ^^ Boss Dog!
9,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it
10,I really enjoyed the movie that made my heart warm^^ You're so lovely
10,A movie that doesn't need words but the best!
10,I regret not watching it at the theater.
10,The whole family is crying
10,It's the best. It touches my heart and makes me think a lot
10,It's a movie that's so touching and touching.
10,I hope I was a good master. May you come back to me.
10,I remembered Haneul who went to heaven a few months ago. Let's meet again. ♥
10,It's a heart-warming movie^^
10,Touching... I was crying and laughing
10,I think it's my life movie. It's very fun and touching
1,Is this a wenddodjab movie?
10,It was a fun and warm movie. I want to raise a puppy so bad ^^
10,It was so much fun from the beginning to the end
10,Come back to me... I'll be nicer to you
10,It's been a while since I saw a beautiful movie Let's live with our mom for a long time
10,I hope there are many movies like this.I hope you live with me for a long time. I hope to see you as my dog in the next life
7,I hope my pet stays healthy and happy next to me for many years.
10,It's crazy. Crying and laughingIt's a mess
10,I cried! My heart was less hurt because the dog didn't suffer too much.
10,Let's really leave a star in our lives.It's a masterpiece. Make sure you watch it
10,It was a touching movie. I loved it at the end
10,Why did I watch this now? I cried my eyes out
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. A warm and fun movie that makes me cry and laugh and smile at the end
10,I cried at school. I was so touched
10,The existence next to me is so precious
10,I'm touched! I cried three times. I think the two cats that I've raised before are born again.
10,The best dog movie. It warms my heart.
10,I cried my eyes out a heartwarming movie
10,I'm leaving a comment after reading it. It was really good!
10,A warm movie where you can see human life from a pet perspective
10,It was a movie with no reason not to give 10 points.Healing movie is what you say after watching this movie.
10,Dogs are so lovely and they only give love to humans.
10,It reminds me of the dead dog
10,It's amazing. The director who perfectly directed the dog's perfect acting is the best
10,Please come to me again even if you are born again
10,Puppy is smart and cute. I'm glad you recognized me at the end
10,The tear glands didn't dry up the whole time I watched crying
10,You're the best! It's really fun.
10,It's a movie called "Dogs' Pepper" that comes out with a different title The reason is...
10,Puppies are love.
8,It's a must-see movie for people who have dogs or have had dogs
10,a very moving movie
7,You can't raise a dog in Korea Dogs live in captivity all their lives
9,I'm always touched... The last one is so touching. "I thought that loving EDEN and making him happy was the reason for his existence." This line really touches my heart.
10,I was sad every time I died and cried a lot at the end.I can't help but like dogs.
8,Would it be helpful to think that humans will be reborn?It reminds me of existential life.I should thank the person next to me today.
10,The best movie of my life is so touching
10,I'll have to hug my dog when I get home
10,It's cute and fun Let's open it
10,It's such a touching movie
10,It's the best ending Strongly recommend
10,It's my first time writing a review. It's a very moving movie. Make sure to watch it. It makes me think about my life and my future path. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's been a long time since I was happy watching a movie
10,It's been a while since I saw a moving movie! Bailey was so lovelycrying
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's nice and warm ♡♡♡♡
10,A movie that makes you want to live with a dog!
8,You're a terrible Eden. crying
10,Please watch it. It's so touching
10,a touching movie
10,I strongly recommend a really pretty movie.
10,It was the best movie.But the critics... It's ridiculous to judge lol maybe their hearts are made of steel.
10,I thought it would be a good movie to sell even if I put down 20 Korean movies and fill it up with this. But he's good at acting. He's good at acting. He runs hard. He plays well. His pets are attractive
10,It's a movie that's touching and lingers in my mind
10,finally meet 27 years of life movie
10,Turn around and come to my brother next time. I want to see you!
10,I watched it with a smile the whole time :)
10,It's really legendary. That's all I can say.
10,One of the top three movies that are touching in my life. I don't understand why so many good movies are not released in theatersIt's my first time leaving a star mark with Bailey's lingering feelings
10,I think it's good to see your pet at least once
10,It's so beautiful. It's overwhelming...
10,I just criedIt's so touching
10,Critics skip horoscopes They're not aristocrats. They're giving them horoscopes
10,It's my first time getting a rating on NAVER. I think I cried 3 or 4 times during the movie. I think everyone who has a pet will cry a lotcrying
10,It was the bestI think it was the most fun movie I watched recently
9,A movie that comforts your pet
10,I love this kind of this kind. I watch it even if it's not a box office hit or fun. You're supposed to be moved. It doesn't have to be funny.
10,Every moment was a meaningful life. I learned a lesson that life will not be difficult if people live a faithful life every moment like animals. Animals are gifts sent by God to humans to see and feel how they treat their lives.
10,I cried a lot while watching this.I strongly recommend it for those who like animals!
10,The frog is grinding away
10,I cried my eyes out.People's lives from the perspective of dogs.I hope many people who abuse animals know that these children feel the same way as us and feel the same way.crying
1,I'm really sleepy and boring. I can't stop yawning.
10,The original novel is touching and the movie is touching
10,It's a really good movie. ^^
10,It's a really touching and fun movie even if I watch it again and again
10,I cried the whole timecrying
10,It's about a dog being reincarnated and meeting new owners.The scene where we find the first owner...And the scene where the owner recognizes the dog...It was so touching and I cried. I recommend you to watch itI thought every dog that came out was so lovely that I was going crazy
1,The first... The last part is touching. Puppy boss. Bailey
10,It was a touching fiction that reminded me of my dog at home when I watched it at the movie theater. I hope my pet dog crossed the rainbow bridge and it will be a non-fiction that will come to me in the distant future.
10,A calm and lingering movie!
10,Heart-warming empathy and tears
10,I wish my dog would come to me in my next life I'll be waiting for you. Please come
10,I want to kill the bird that exploded firecrackers You're ruining the life of someone who's going to college of physical education
10,Please come to me when I'm born again
10,It's a really good movie. It's a happy movie without a long modifier
10,It's a really good movie. This kind of movie should increase the number of theaters for many people to watch. That's too bad
10,A movie that really comforts you!
10,Bailey's super cute. Reminds me of my bell
10,Wow! That's awesome!
10,I can't believe I cried so much
10,A movie that reminded me of my dog
7,It's a movie that's not bad
10,It's touching.Make sure to watch it while crying and laughing.I have no regrets. It is a warm movie.I watched it happily while crying and laughing after a long time ago.
10,This is a masterpiece
8,So cute. Puppy who lives various lives
10,Let's not abandon the dog or treat him like a dog
10,I don't usually leave comments. It's really fun and touching.Bailey's not forgotten...I thought about it a lot and it is my favorite movieIt's really lettuce!
10,It's the best movie ever.Touching... I got emotional. The world will be more desolate from now on.I hope many of these movies will be made and released.
10,Make sure to watch it! Please! It's a masterpiece!
10,I'm reminded of the dog that crossed the rainbow bridge
10,It's the best masterpiece ever.Dog breeders should be considered compulsory.
10,Why is the maximum number of stars 10?
10,Bailey's Life Is Better Than Human
10,I'm so touched. I keep crying while hugging a 9-year-old puppy
10,a fairy tale for dogs
10,It's such a touching movie.I kept crying and laughing. It was a heart-warming movie
10,It was a great movie.
10,I really want to see good movies and masterpieces like this often
8,The movie of my life was so healing.
10,#Moving #Successful #Movie with lingering emotions
10,The afterglow is too strongIt was a good ending
10,I'm glad I bought it.The best...
10,Make sure to watch it. Friends with humans.It seems that only dogs can be a family
10,I laughed and cried. I had a lot of fun watching itI can't believe the connection between people and animals is so beautiful.It's amazing. I wish I could make so many moving movies like this
10,It was so good that I could say it was one of my life's movies. I watched it from beginning to end with tearscrying
10,Puppies are love♡
10,Ah... That's the best.It is just 200 times more than weird movies in our country
10,I want to raise a dog crying
10,It's fun. It's a good movie for people who have dogs
10,It's so much fun. Touching tsunami
10,I'm going crazy because I'm crying I wish the dog I live with would be with me forever.
10,It's a movie that's really touching and teaches a lot of lessons
10,Life movie. Warm movie that I want to watch when I am depressed. Best. I watched it more than 5 times
7,I want to see a calf like a puppy in the country.
10,It was such a touching movieI think it is a movie that can be seen by people who like ^^~~^^
10,It's warm and human life is like the last line
9,It's been a while since I last time in a while
10,A must-see movie for a family of dogs
10,I can't stop crying thinking about Sunny who left first.
8,Bailey's so lovely ♡ It was a heartwarming movie
10,It's a movie that makes me think that I should love my dog more
10,Why did I watch a movie that I don't want to be buried like this?
1,I felt so bad after watching the movie
10,I hope you enjoy your day. I want to smell sweaty too.
10,Don't regret it when you die and be nice to your dog
10,It's a movie where you can't help but love a puppy.
10,It's so sad and the story is so perfect crying
10,Touching movie after a long time ^^
1,This is NAVER's No. 1 song for dog worms
10,I cried for a year
10,Make sure to watch if you get a star rating
10,I got refreshed. I want to live like a dog
10,The best movie. I'm writing my first rating
10,It's just... it's too much of a clause.
10,It's a very moving movie. It's my first time getting a rating.
10,Thank you so much I was sad
10,Heartwarming movie.. The wife I saw with kept crying.
10,It's just a movie that doesn't need words.A movie that you will never regret watching ♡
10,It's my favorite movie. It's the most heartwarming movie I've seen in the last 5 years
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a tsunami of emotion
10,Next life is EDENHahaha
6,A movie for dogs by dogs!
10,It's so touching and it makes my heart warm
10,It was a heart-warming movie I cried and laughed. It was so nice
10,a tearful spring I can't believe there was such a good movie.
10,A film with novel material that shows various dog stories. A dog lover who loves dogs will cry and sympathize with you.The puppies are good at acting.
10,Thank you so much for coming to us. I love you!
10,It was so nice. It's my first time getting a score of 10...A healing movie. A movie that makes you cry
9,I can't believe I'm crying over a dog.  It reminds me of my old dog. I'm sure they felt the same way as Bailey.
10,"I cried 3 times. It's a perfect story"
7,The Butlers' Romance of the Dog Spurs
10,I cried a few times and watched a movie and hugged my puppy.
1,Ah... This is NAVER's rating...
10,It's my favorite movie! I'll have to read the book again
10,"Moved award"! I'm thankful for my dog sitting next to me
10,It's a movie that makes people who aren't cat owners cry.
10,It's touching...crying
10,A movie that reminds me of my dog. It's the best movie of your life. Make sure
10,I don't usually give him 10 points.I can't help but give this
8,This movie makes my heart warm
10,I'm so touched by this ridiculous movie. There's another dog in the tissue box
10,It's fantastic. Good Haha
10,There is no need for words. The best healing movie of my life. I hope my dogs will come to me again someday.
10,Our Kkan and Mimi...Like Bailey...I hope you can come to me again.
10,The puppy is so cute
9,Thank you for the heart-warming movie
9,It's a good movie for those who sent their dogs away
1,Can't I get 0 point? It's not fun
10,It's so much fun to see a dog coming out
10,It's fun. I want to watch it again
10,I just cried as soon as I turned it on. I just kept crying until the end
10,It's been a while since I saw a warm movie. Good. The theme is good. The episode is also appropriate. I enjoyed watching it.A movie I want to recommend.
10,Why is there only one movie theater that's fun and touching?  crying
10,Bosedog Bailey v Garden forever
10,I think I'll see you again someday when I miss you
10,I cried my eyes out the whole time watching the movie. It was fun and touching.I think it's going to be my favorite movie
10,It's a movie that makes you cry and relax
8,Disappointed because it's so different from the novel ♡ But Bailey ♡
10,That's why I don't have a dog
10,It's a healing movieIt's a story that makes you cry because it's sad but makes you smile at the endPuppies are love
10,It's the best movie everI cried while holding onto my dog
9,It was fun to watch and I felt like I was healing.
10,It's very touching. Puppies are true loyalists
10,It's touching and fun to laugh while crying
10,It's director MJ.Really... From the dog's perspective...Thoughts This is the first time I've ever seen a movie like this!
10,I hope I can meet you again.It was such a touching movie. I recommend it if you're a dog owner.
10,I cried so much that I couldn't put all my tears and runny nose this year together before I went to bed -- my eyes are swollen and I'm going to open up
10,It's a masterpiece since Eightville Tears are dripping. The police are a bit dumbfounded. They're gonna shoot the gun earlier
10,The best movie is heartwarming
10,Just watch it. Just watch it twiceLook at it three times
10,I'm so touched. crying
10,It's so much fun.
10,Maybe we're living worse than Bailey right nowBe here now!
10,You should really watch the best movie of your life
10,I wonder what I can do for the child sleeping next to me in your short life.I hope the children who have already crossed the bridge will come back to me.I hope you live a happy life somewhere.It's a meaningful movie that makes me feel overwhelmed.Guys? How are you?I'm so sorry.Thank you and I love you.I will always love you when I meet you
10,It's been a long time since the movie touched my heart. I should be nice to my loved ones.
10,I need to be nicer to you I'm touched
5,Did I expect too much? I could have made it more sophisticated.It's a shame that I ended up with Shin-pa-jo
10,You have to watch it. It's really fun and touching.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.I cried a lot in the soup^^;; I strongly recommend it!!!
10,It's a beautiful and warm-hearted movie. It's a good movie to watch with the whole family at the end of the year^^ Bailly bailly bailly bailly^^
10,They act so well as if they're one
10,I miss you so much. It's Jjong!
10,Both my 7-year-old son and husband were so into it that we lost track of time. It was truly moving.
10,Isn't Lase Halstrom a dog?
10,A movie that makes me wonder what my dog is thinking.
10,The reincarnation of Puppy #4 is so touching and I watched it with tears in my eyes. It's a heartwarming movie and it makes me think a lot of thoughtsIt lingers for a long time
10,I hope you take care of your dogs until the end and raise only those who can love them until the end. I love you puppies who are sleeping next to meI hope my next life will be my family
10,The movie that made me cry at dawn of Christmas
10,It's my first time to get a star. I'm so touched.The story is fun and it's the best movie
10,I was healed by the puppy after watching the movie.Make sure to come watch Bailey Again 2
10,A warm movie! I watched it with my family at the beginning of its releaseI hope the movie gets a lot of love!
10,Are the press critics monny because they've never had a dog in their life?
10,It is annoyingly sad.   Having a dog seems like a blessed life.
10,It's a masterpiece. I want to raise a dog
7,It's obvious that you're being fooled again but it's fun.
10,Bailey... and I wish all the dogs in the world happiness
10,Crying happily throughout the movie
6,Puppies are cute Hahaha
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I'm not sure where I'm touched. Tears just came out.I recommend it
10,It's touching. I want to deliver it to you
10,The dog's acting shines...Laughing and touching...And a perfect movie that makes me see my puppy again.^&^
10,Touching movie ^^!!!
1,Time to understand the dog. Let's understand the father
10,Life is like spending time with a dog
10,Dogs are better than people. A movie that makes me want to raise a dog
10,It's been a while since I've seen what a handkerchief is for
10,The best moving movie...It's a movie I'll never forget.
10,It's a movie where you cry all ten times.
10,I cried a lot because I thought of Happy. A big movie that will remain in my heart ♡♡♡♡ I was so happy to watch it before the end of this year
10,It was the best movie to reflect on a person's life with the life of a dog.
9,It was touching. Living and loving this moment is everything in life.
10,I can't stop crying when I watch a movie that leaves a moving impression.It's a touching work that made me think of a lot of things
10,1 hour and 30 minutes... It gave me a lot of things
10,I really want to raise a dogBut I don't like it because I think it'll be too sad to let you go first
10,It's fun~~♡ I want to see you again later
10,It's a really meaningful movie.A movie that is calm and touching but also has inner beauty! I think it'd be great to watch it with the kids
10,Don't buy it and adopt it. Dogs are family.
10,A 9-year-old kid says it's his favorite movie. ^^
10,I hope that our babies can come back in their next lives
10,I didn't expect much. I'm touched
10,It's a very precious movie
10,It's touching. I cried
10,I keep thinking about the cop. I hope you met a good person and became happy
10,It's the best movie ever. Please increase the number of theaterscrying
10,It's touching. It's good for kids^^
10,I strongly recommend it~~
10,I'm a 23-year-old man.I cried for the first time while watching the movie.
10,It's so touching. You think about the purpose of life.
8,It was fun and touching. It was a fun family animal movie.
10,It was the first movie I watched this year that I was very immersed and focused. You're the best. I cried my eyes outcrying
10,I enjoyed watching it
10,I wish my dog would come back to me again Haha
10,It's out of 10. Make sure to watch it
10,It's out of 10. Make sure to watch it
10,I felt like Bailey when I showed a similar behavior when I sent him to the sky and raised him again. I want to see people who raise pets and people who don't. I laughed and cried. It was so much fun.
10,My age... I met "Life/Young/Tuesday" in 50 lines crying
10,It's touching. It reminds us of the importance of dogs. We strongly recommend it. ^^
10,It's my first time to leave a star. It was a healing movie It's lingering
10,It was a heart-warming movie.
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,Puppies are so humane ^^ You made a good movie
10,It's my first time to get a star It's a really good movie
10,I cried a lot. Puppies are crying
10,I'm moved by someone who has a dog
10,Where in Busan are you showing it? There's no place that's showing it's really something
10,Puppy jam dog is so cute that I die
10,A moving movie that makes me cry...A movie that gives the answer that life is something.I recommend it
10,I enjoyed watching the perfect person
10,It's funny. Dogs are lovely human friends
10,I couldn't stop crying the whole time I was watching
1,What kind of rating is this?
10,This is the charm of dogs
10,I was healed by the dog... I can't help but cry
10,I cried for the first time in the movie theater crying
10,A warm and beautiful movie that will make anyone happy. ♡ I love it ~♡
1,The guys who got 10 points... You're not human
6,It was okay. My nephew said it wasn't fun
10,It's the best movie ever. I wailed every time the dog was reincarnated I am sadder and more sympathetic because I have a dog.
10,Became one of the best movies of my life!
10,It's a warm movie and a family movie that makes you want a puppy
10,It's sad but touching. I like the happy ending. It goes well with the fresh background that's not urban. I need to hug my puppy even if he's in trouble
10,It's fun. ^^ Download it on your phone and make it good to keep
10,Boss dog! It was so touching and I want to see it againcrying
10,Let's be together even if we are born again...!
10,A must-see movie if you're a dog person
10,I wanted to respect my dog
10,It's good to watch with a comfortable heart
10,Anyone who has a dog will burst into tears 30 minutes before it starts.
10,It's a movie that every dog in the world should watch
10,It's calm and fun. I liked it because there were many episodes Each dog has a variety of stories. Seeing the dogs itself is healing?
10,Touching. Touching. It's the best
10,It makes my heart warm
7,A movie that doesn't fit the sentiments of the Joseon people. A movie like this in a dog-eat-dog country? lol
10,Puppy movies are always the best
10,Thank you so much. It's healing itself
10,It was a very cute and heart-warming movie!
10,It's the best moving masterpiece for pets
10,Everyone should have seen this moviePeople who like puppies should see them 10 times in their lives.The children's acting is so amazing and it's a movie that warms my heart I recommend it to those who are tired of life.
10,It was the best. It was touching and fun
10,Will you come back again in your next life?
10,A movie that I liked more because I watched it with my girlfriend. It was really nice to have a cute puppy and a girlfriend next to me. A good movie with meaning and lessons
10,I cried so much that it's chaotic
10,It's the best. It was released on CGV. I'm sad that there are so many people who haven't seen it
10,I really want to watch a movie!
10,I think it was touching and warm the whole time I watched it. I think it's the best movie ever
10,I want to raise a dog 5666
9,Why don't you get married a little earlier?
10,This is just the best
10,I laughed and cried in my heart for the first time in a while
10,It's a happy movie. It's healing. ^^
10,The best family movie I've seen this year
10,I think dogs' purity is better than humans
9,A heartwarming movie. It goes well with cold winter
10,It was a good movie that moved me and lingered for a long timeI love this!I want to watch it again!Bailey was funny and touching
10,Make sure to watch it! It's a movie that has both touching and fun
10,It feels like I'm getting healed and warmed up throughout the lovely movie
10,I went to see my girlfriend and we got along a lot because of this movie. It's over now
10,I cried even though I didn't raise a dog
8,A warm movie to watch with your family
10,What is the meaning of life even if you don't have a dog? A movie that everyone in the world wants to watch. A movie that brings back the happiness that you forgot!
10,It was a satisfying movie that was calm and deeply moving
10,I miss you a lot
10,A must-see movie if you're a dog person!
10,Dogs also seek the meaning of life.
1,I thought it was Begin Again.
10,I want to raise a dog.
6,The hype isn't as touching as you think
10,It's heart-warming and it'sad.It's my first time getting a rating.It's the best.
10,It's my first time to get a star. I should have been nicer to you.
10,I watched it lightly and cried a lot I don't know.A movie that makes me want to empathize more with my dogs
10,It's been a while since I was touched
6,It's either gaeppa or boring. I'm sick of it because it's a typical story
9,It's touching...
10,It's a moving movie. I strongly recommend it!
4,4 points because the dog is cute.
10,I was happy when I saw it.
8,It's touching. A movie that people who like dogs will like. ^^
10,I agree with you 100 times that money is not a waste. It is a really good movie.Thank you so much to the person who recommended it
7,A must-see movie if you like Dennis Quaid and pets.
10,My girlfriend cried three times.You can tell why I cry three times.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a movie that leaves stars
10,It's my first time to get a star.It is the most impressive movie of this year.
10,It lingers for a long time...
10,I'll always wait here no matter where and with whom you live your life now. Please come to me again
10,I'm here to love him and make him happy
10,I enjoyed watching it The kids like it
10,A really touching movie...
10,I laughed and cried a lot thinking about my dog that I've been with until now.
10,It's a very touching movieMake sure to watch it
10,I laughed and cried empathically because I thought of my dog while watching it.
10,It was fun. I had a second thought about the dog life
10,It's a touching movie because I can relate to it
10,I watched it with my kid. It's a very moving movie. I highly recommend it.
1,It's been awhile since I haven't seen it in a while
10,The heartwarming movie Bailey Again. A deep message delivered to us through the reincarnation of a dog.I would have recommended it to my acquaintances if it was shown again. I watched the last screening on the news that the show was ending because there were not many audiences. My heart still aches^^
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure you watch it
10,The thoughts of my puppies who sent me across the rainbow bridge are amazing.I cried and cried. I envy Eden.
10,Life movie. A movie that comforts the sadness and sadness of a dog's short life. It's the best Make sure to watch it!
10,Why don't you do CGV? I watched a movie in Juan. I cried the whole time. It was strange to see an omniscient dog. I can't forget my first master even if I'm dead or born again. It's so lingering
10,I want to raise a dog
10,It was a heart-warming movie
10,It's a movie where you can listen to dogs' hearts
10,It was so good~~~
10,It seems like a movie that doesn't need a rating that's fun and doesn't have that expression and makes me feel comfortable when I just watch it.
10,I cried...
10,I didn't know that the customers would be so touchedLet's send them to the Academy Awards! You must all watch it!!!
10,He looked at me so touching
9,Hearts for the dog owner from the dog's perspective. It's a heart-warming movie
10,I think people who raise pets would cry once in a while
10,Laughter and tears. I'm touching
10,I watched a movie that made me cry even after the movie. I really wanted to see my dogs at home
1,Eat a meal of boiled pork soup
10,I hope that my puppy will be reincarnated and come to my side until I can take care of him.
10,I'm so glad that I saw it♡
7,It's enough for a cute puppy
10,I really enjoyed watching it. It's a healing movie. I cried the whole time crying
10,Keep crying and crying and crying and see you
10,The movie is so good There should have been more theaters.
10,It was so much fun! must-see
10,It's a very touching and fun movie
10,You'll know when you see it. It's fun and touching
10,A movie that's warm and healing enough to watch alone. I strongly recommend Bailey Again!
10,It is a movie that shows the perspectives of dogs and it is also a must-see movie for dog owners.
10,Make sure you watch it. You should watch it Lovely Bailey
10,I was moved to reflect on the lives of these desolate human beings♥
10,A must-see movie. A heartwarming movie with deep emotion. ^^
10,It's a healing movie. It's fun
10,I want to go home and hug my puppy.
10,I watched it with my son^^ It was more fun and touching than I thought^^
10,Bailey ♥? EDEN. I really enjoyed the movie until the end
10,It's nice to see my daughter in elementary schoolI can't stop smiling throughout the movie ^^
10,It was such a beautiful movie
10,A movie that made me emotional many times as a dog owner
10,Good. Blow away all your worries!
10,The movie that people who live with their dogs can relate toI recommend a movie that makes you cry and laugh more when you read their hearts and fall in love more~~
3,Childish and boring~ You need patience to watch until the end~ Delete more than 20 minutes
10,It was fun. Too bad there weren't many theaters
8,I understand why people who live alone raise dogs. I cry thinking that dogs are better than people
10,The best movie of my life!
10,Bailey-Baing 일리 Bailey-Bailey
10,It's a movie that makes my heartbreaking.
10,The warm soul of a cute puppy.
10,It was such a good movie I want to drag people who aren't watching and tell them to watch it!
5,The fact that dogs are cute cannot be the standard of a good movie
10,It's touching and I want people with dogs to watch this movie
10,It was so fun and touching. It was so good that I didn't regret watching the movie at the theater that I felt sorry for the money. I recommend it!
10,I loved it from the beginning to the end
9,"I can't even do it." I need to get rid of that word...
10,Please show it a lot. I'm touched
10,It's the best Make sure you watch it
10,It's the best movie ever. I'm crying 6 times.Hot
10,Makes you feel happy
10,It's fun. I almost cried.
10,I was so happy
8,A must-see movie for dogs ☆
10,I strongly recommend it!
10,Touching. x100 I want to see it again.
10,I just watched it and it was one of the best warm movies I've seen this year. I'll give you 10 points. It's
10,It's a must-see movie for pet owners
10,I envy you. I want to meet you again
10,I enjoyed watching it with my child. It was so cute and emotionally good movie^^
10,It was different and fun to watch from a dog's perspective!
10,It was a heartwarming and happy movie.I strongly recommend...
10,It's a moving movie that people who raise dogs can relate to.
10,Thank you for making my heart warm
10,Lovely and warm...
8,Bailey Chews as Welsh Corgi...
8,A touching and nice family movie
8,Jinja is fun~~~~
10,I'm so touched. I don't know how many tears I shed
10,I was happy the whole time
10,A touching movie. A movie that you can watch if you have a pet dog
10,Angels ♡ themselves. Dogs must watch it!
10,It's so touching.crying
10,It's a good movie.I want to see you again later.
8,I lost track of time with the kid in room seven and enjoyed it
10,I cried a lot while watching the movie.A reason for living or one's purpose.Everything that happened from the dog's point of view felt like both human and dog's point of view.I want to see the original.I'll have to buy it right away.
10,I'm touched. Thank you for the good movie
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's fun. It's sad that there aren't many theaters
10,I had a lot of fun.It's the best
10,It's nice to watch with your family
10,It was like a fairy tale movie after a long time
10,I cried a lot because I remembered the puppies who left me I wonder if I was a good owner
10,It was so touching.
10,I was smiling and choked up the whole time. I'd like to see more theaters.
10,It's touching It was the best movie I've seen this year!
8,It's a movie that made my heart flutter these days when life is not fun
10,I'm so touched... It makes me look back on my life.
10,It was a heart-warming movie^^ I didn't understand why there were so few people.
10,A heart-warming healing movie~~♡♡
10,It's a good movie that touches my heart
10,Best movie of the year. Make sure to watch it with your child.
10,I just came out of the movie. It'd be nice to watch it with the people I love after crying and laughing
10,It was so touching. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's not forced. It's a perfect composition!
9,The ending was touching and fun
10,It's a touching movie
10,a calm but warm movie
10,Dog special surgery!
10,I'm so sad. I hope many people will watch a good movie
10,Infinite touching! Infinite touching! Infinite touching!
9,I think there are many warm parts of the world that I saw through the dog's eyes
10,It was nice to see Bailey and my life motto being the same. A pretty movie that warms you throughout the movie.
10,It's fun. What's the spoiler for the Korean title? --
8,The kids really enjoyed it.
10,Please be born as my pet in my next life. I'll do better than I do now
10,Cgv Megabox Release Get it
10,It was a good movie I enjoyed watching it
10,It was a movie where I learned the importance of dogs
10,I should hug my dog a lot^^
2,No fun at all
8,The puppy is so cute?
10,I made this movie to cryI believe that I will cry just by calling your name
10,It's one of the masterpieces that reminded me of the meaning and importance of life through dogs
10,I love movies~ The movie I want to watch one more time!
8,It was fun. It was a bit disappointing
10,I had a great time with my kid!
8,It was fun and touching The movie that made my boyfriend cry when he watched another movie
10,It's really fun. Strongly recommend
10,I must have lost track of time. It was so touching and fun
9,It's a comforting movie
6,People who raise dogs will cry no matter what
10,The movie is touching and it's so good
10,A movie that comforts people who sent their dogs away
10,It was so good! It's touching and lingering I kept crying
10,It's a heart-warming movieIt's such a happy and sad movie
10,A movie that makes various audiences of all ages cry together.
10,Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon
10,Make sure to watch it. It's your favorite movie
8,I watched it with my family. It was fun
10,Good. GFRIEND is crying
10,A movie that heals just by watching puppies
10,A heart-warming movie! Puppy's acting is the best!
10,It was a heartbreaking movie for a dog
10,I was happy the whole time
10,It's a movie that heals my heart. I hope a lot of movies with animals come out♥
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,My 7-year-old daughter and my wife were both deeply moved^^
10,a movie reminiscent of life
10,Youngho that makes me cry from beginning to end
10,I was sad because I kept thinking about my dogs while watching it
10,I remembered the dog I had a long time ago. I cried every time my dog lived. Best movie of the year.
9,It's a good movie that everyone can watch even if they don't have a dog
10,It was a movie that reminded me of Choco who went to the sky. Let's Love Animals
1,It's a video even if you don't look at it.
10,Lovely Bailey's warm story ♡ The puppies were lovely all the time I watched them
10,Crying and laughing... It's not a movie. It's a true story^^
9,It's four different kinds of fun. Four times more than 4 times
2,I'd like to see it
4,It's neither funny nor touching.The story is focused on chance. The emphasis is also unsophisticated. The cg of the circling part feels like looking at the student's assignment.
8,Became Bailey throughout the movie. I found out after watching this movie that dogs are usually such thoughtful animals (although it's an actor's performance)
10,Presence! Better than human.
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase.I imagine that I want to meet my dog again after breaking up with it - I want to see this movie after spending 19 years with my dog.Spend a lot of time with your dog next to you
10,I cried more because I thought of my puppycrying
6,This is why I like dogs
10,I was watching from some point crying with tears in one eye.
10,The two of us went to the movies... It was a healing movie Strongly recommend
10,A puppy who left two years ago and has been with him for a year now.I have a lot of thoughts... It's touching...
8,Arong! You were my eternal friend! I miss you so much! I was so thankful and sorry! How do you remember me?
6,I'm going to lower the average rating. Don't expect that it's not a movie with a score than 9 points
8,It's more than I expected. It's warm
10,I enjoyed watching it with the kids. I cried a lot because I remembered the past. I want to recommend it. I can see why it's not just a dog but a pet.
6,Don't you think about the dogs?
10,I cried a lot while watching it. It's touching. You're beautiful and cute living like this ♡
10,A must-see movie if you're a companion
10,Why isn't CGV being released yet?
10,I couldn't make a sound and sobbed.
10,It's so touching. crying
1,Shinpa... The one with the highest rating is too much
10,It's so touching and fun to laugh while crying
8,I think it's a movie for pets Hah!
10,a movie good for dry eyes
10,..my heart feels so warm and purifying...
10,It's awesome. It's awesome. Make sure to watch it
10,It made me cry and I was so much
10,A movie that makes your heart soft ^^ I really recommend it~~~
10,The reunion with Bailey and Eden was so touching.
8,It was a calm and healing movie
10,It's so refreshing Thank you.
8,It's fun. I recommend it
10,It's a touching and well-made movie!
8,"The purpose of my life was to make you happy!"
10,It's a really good movie.
10,Puppies who share our lives with us
10,I cried my eyes out. It was the best puppy movie
1,It's not fun. It's a movie that doesn't pay off
10,I want to see my dog
10,I cried throughout the movie because I remembered the dog that died when I was young.I thought I wasn't crying because I was dry.
10,I watched a fairy tale movie without looking forward to it. I'm touched
10,I went to Jamsil because I smelled bad at Lotte Cinema in the neighborhood. You should have increased the number of theaters. It was touching. It's my first time leaving a comment like this
10,It was so touching. It was so much fun!
10,A movie that cried but not sad
10,I'm touched. It's so much fun
8,The puppies are so good at acting!
10,It's a beautiful fairy tale for pets who are always sorry in the middle of their hearts
10,Learn about life from dogs!
10,make one's life's goal agonized by being a dog
10,It's a movie that can't be seen without tears if you're a dog person. crying
10,A must-see movie for animal lovers
10,It's not just a pet dog. It's a movie that people should reflect on.It's a heart-warming movie
10,Why aren't you opening Megabox?
10,Why aren't you opening Megabox?
10,Why aren't you opening Megabox?
8,Why aren't you opening Megabox?
10,Most of the dog owners will sympathize more and hope so. Thank you for the good movie
10,Please increase the theater crying
10,They're puppies with a consistent heartYou read the inside of a rigid group of humans어A warm fairy tale for adults! It was a day that warmed my mind베Bailey" says (enjoy life as it is
10,I'm glad I brought a handkerchief.
9,A movie that's calm and has a deep echo. Recommendation
8,I didn't expect much but it was touching and fun
10,It's been a while since I saw a healing family movie in a movie theaterIt reminds me of my dog who left a few years ago.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,It's a movie that makes you want your dog to be with you in the next life
10,I enjoyed watching it I recommend it
9,This movie is better than I thought Strongly recommend
8,It was lovely and touchingcrying
10,I was embarrassed because my eyes were swollen when I came out of the movie
10,It was a heartwarming movie after a long time~^^
10,I want to hurry up and go homeIt's a movie that makes me realize that the existence next to me is more precious
10,a refreshingly pleasant movie
10,It was a really touching movie
10,It's a movie that makes me laugh and cry thinking about my dog at home.
10,Just watch it The pets... Crossing the rainbow bridge reminds me of my dog
8,It's a warm movie from the perspective of raising a dog
9,Interesting style and story!
10,A good movie I haven't seen in a long time. I feel refreshed after watching it
10,A movie full of cuteness. I can't stop crying at the end. crying
2,I didn't watch it and came out in a hurry I'm just going to ride something similar.
10,I'm touched the whole time I'm watching.  It's a movie that the whole family can watch together
10,The movie was so warm and nice...I cried a lot while watching the movie because I was so happy.
10,Make sure to watch it and heal. It's touching for those who left their pets
10,I'm touched. I miss you again
10,Puppies' acting is amazing
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I cried while watching it. It was so lovely!
10,Thank you for the cute babies
10,Open the CGV too. Please increase the number of theaters
10,It was really touching. Tears welled up
10,I hope you stay with me even if you are born again for 2 hours when you cried the most and your heart warmed the most.
10,I remember my dog at home
10,It's a good movie to watch if you have a dog
10,On either side of me wept loudly. . . . . . .
10,It was such a warm movie~I kept crying while I was watching My wife scolded me for crying.crying
10,It's a movie that's fun and warms your heart. Make sure to watch it
10,It's a healing movie! I liked it because it was calm without squeezing my emotions
10,Dogs Are Better Than Humans...
8,I love all the puppies in the world
10,Dogs are love. Always...
10,It's a warm movie It reminds me of a dog that left
10,I feel like I watched a good movie after a long time.I love the storyline
10,It's fun. It's been a while since I watched "Don's episode
10,I can't let you go out of townCPlease show it on CgV
10,A movie that heals and warms up over and over again
10,I like the story and the sad parts
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie and made me sit down for a long time.
10,The puppy is so cute and touching
10,A really good movie to watch with a kid
10,The puppies are so cute But get some tissue readyIt was a sad and good movie
10,Have you ever had a pet?I highly recommend it to those who raise it.It's funny. Animal abusers are sentenced to life in prison!
10,I didn't watch the movie properly... Tears covered my eyes
10,I love you who came to me in circles
10,A movie that you must take with you tissues
8,My name is Bailey. Bailey. Bailey
8,The plot was good and the puppy's acting was so good that I was immersed in it. ^^
10,It's healing and purifying your soul
10,Oh! A movie that would be good for people who broke up with their dogs to watch
6,Touching but a bit boring
10,Too bad there aren't many theaters. Best movie ever
10,It was a touching movie that reminded Bailey of what was for her pets through the lives of dogs.
10,It reminded me of my dogs and 100 minutes was a valuable time.
10,I am going to see my dog.
10,Human history from a dog's point of view is interesting
10,With the kid...I watched a great movie.It's a family movie.I recommend it.
10,It's so touching. ^^~
10,Seeing the dog only looking at its owner makes me cry
10,The ending is so good.A movie that makes you want to go home and hug your dog
10,It's a movie that brings back memories even before you even think about it
10,The best movie of my life ♡♡♡
10,I hope our puppies will be the happiest in this life
10,The latter part is so touching. I cried.
10,I'm so sad.
10,I laughed and cried and laughed and cried and got hair on my butt
10,It's a touching movie.The kids loved it
10,Make sure to watch Lee Youngho a tear-jerker
10,It's a heartwarming healing movie. I can't wait to go home and see my babies It was a movie I wanted to keep!!
10,Leave a star for the first time. You won't regret it
6,the richness of life with dogs
10,It's fun even if you watch it for the second time!
10,It's a lovely movie. My son and I both cried and were movedI want to raise a dog like Bailey!!!
10,I cried the whole time because I thought of my child. I really want to meet again like Bailey and Eden.  I'll wait for you no matter what you look like. Let's meet again
9,My family enjoyed watching it together after a long time.
10,It was a movie that taught me a lesson. Make sure you watch it?
10,A movie that makes you cry when you see a dog
10,I really enjoyed watching it with my kid. The child who just wanted to raise a dog feels cautious about the dog and becomes serious. It's a heartwarming movie. It would be nice to see it with my family.
10,Bailey was so cute and touching Sobbing
10,It's a movie that makes you think that you need to be nicer to my kid
10,It's good! Full of emotions!
10,I cried my eyes out the whole time watching the movie.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a warm and beautiful movie Hah!
10,It was real and touching.I really enjoyed watching it twice
10,I cried the whole time watching the movie
10,This movie makes me want to raise a dog a lot
8,It was nice to get a glimpse of people's lives
10,Two guys went there and we almost cried and got awkward
10,It's a heart-warming movie
8,It was a really good movie that warmed my heart!
8,It's a calm movie that touches you. It's a life that you personally want. It was really nice to see you take care of most of the dogs you live with even if the environment changes
10,It's so touching~~
10,I cried because it reminded me of my dog A movie that I enjoyed watching
8,A movie that you must watch if you have a dog
10,I'm so touched. ♡♡♡
10,A movie that made a mother and daughter cry when they just started raising a dog
10,It's a movie that lingers.
10,The most impressive movie I've seen recently...I felt a lot from the message from the dog's point of view.
8,A movie that captures both fun and emotion.
10,A movie that brought tears to my eyes throughout the movie!It makes me want to go home quickly and hug my dog. I don't even want to imagine breaking up with my dog It is the most touching movie I have ever seen.
10,Don't forget your handkerchief^^ You can watch it without any burden and it's a heart-warming movie
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It was so touching Kang Inji looked different in my house
8,I think I made an excellent choice.It's fun.
7,They are also living their lives
10,It's a movie that makes you want to say sorry and love to your dog
10,It's so touching.A movie that leaves a deep impression!
8,It's calming and healing.
10,It's a movie that heals people from a dog's point of viewI strongly recommend it!
8,It's so touching and fun to watch with him
10,It's Lotte Cinema's exclusive release~~~
10,a calm and moving film
10,It's a movie that anyone who likes or has raised a dog can relate to
10,I wish something like this would happen to me.It's a movie that's very comforting to those who sent their dogs first.I miss my puppy so much.
10,I haven't seen such a heartwarming movie in a long time. This kind of movie should be watched by more people. The repetition of laughter and tears...
10,I think it'd be good for people who have dogs to watch in advance. I enjoyed watching it
10,It was touching and I really enjoyed Bailey's acting
10,It's so touching and fun It's a movie that resonates with people who have dogs! I strongly recommend it!
10,It's so heart-warming. And I thought about raising a dog again
10,It's so touching and beautiful...A must-see movie for pet parents
9,I lost track of time and watched it
10,It's so touching!!!
10,A movie that a dog owner must watch
10,I was moved and cried all the time.All the puppies are so lovely~♡
10,Please release CGV!
9,It's touching and warm like a fairy tale. But American movies seem to glorify reality too much. Just as Korean movies are too new.
10,Dogs are the only creatures that love people unconditionally.
10,I can't help but laugh and cry
10,Puppy is cute. I like it. Hehe
10,It's a great movie for people who feel like a family of animals. Tears are falling...The theyn the
10,It's a movie that makes you tear up and warm your heart. I watched a touching movie after a long time.
8,A beautiful friendship between a really touching dog and its owner.
10,I thought about the last of my dog. How should I prepare for the last time you leave. What are you thinking now?
8,There's really no place nearby
10,The best movie that's really touching
10,Thank you for the warm movie
10,It was a heartwarming movie
10,Tsunami is good to watch with children and adults
10,A warm movie. It touched my heart
10,It's so touching♡ Make sure to watch it~♡♡♡
4,It's a forced movie...
10,It's a movie filled with no time to be bored. Acting like dogs... Story... I'm so touched. I strongly recommend it.
6,It's worth watchingIt's fun
10,I'm so touched.Tears welled up...
10,I cried three times while watching it That's awesome
10,Don't put off development in the future. Dogs are better at acting better at acting. Healing + touching
10,Today's movie is so touching. I really enjoyed it^^
10,I'll walk you home right away.Crying...?
10,Please don't look at life as a doll and cherish it.
10,It was touching and it was fun for the kids to watch it~^^
9,An unexpected happy ending. A little bit of tears...
10,Best movie as a companion!
6,It's a movie to watch with children.
10,It's so sad... Everyone in the theater cried It's cute and sensuous
8,It was a lot of fun I miss you again
10,It's my first time to get a rating for a movie
10,A moving... wordless movie
10,It was so touching! crying
10,It's a warm movie. I want to see my dog
10,It was so cute and pretty Recommendation!
10,It was touching.It's fun and touching. It's the bestHah!
10,The movie that reminded me of Youngsim's dog who died of pain.
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot on my way home. Thank you
10,It was so touching  I strongly recommend it as a family movie
8,It was an opportunity to look at pets with a new look
10,I enjoyed watching it!
10,It's a heart-warming movie. It's touching and I want to watch it again
10,It's really touching and it's a great movie. I strongly recommend it!I saw it twice
10,I need to walk my dog a lot and love him more...And I think I learned more about the importance of dogs after watching this movie.I strongly recommend the movie because it has a touching and happy ending!
10,It was a precious time to put myself in the position of a dog.It's so touching and touching.With the writer's thoughtful imagination. Applause
10,Sweat smell... Sweat smell...
10,I hope it'll be shown in Mega and CGVHealing movie ♡
10,It's a touching movie and I want to watch it again
10,It's so touching and I regret it. an insubordinate s
10,Sad and happy movie!!!
10,I'm going to watch a moving movie again
10,Let's not be fooled by familiarity and lose preciousness!
10,A consolation movie for dogs
10,It's the best movie that makes your heart warm. I strongly recommend it!
10,You're the best! Tears!
8,Let's not eat dog meat!
10,Where did they find such good acting dogs? That was the coolest...Hah!
10,I hope you will be born again.
10,Bailey's acting is overwhelming!A feast of lovely puppies!Touching and laughing. Tears welling up. Take care of the tissue!I will spend more time with my puppy at home and love him♡
10,It was a movie that made me think about the time with the dog next to me and cherish itGive me a signal to recognize you like Bailey when we meet again after a time of separation
10,It's a movie that expresses the dog's point of view so well
10,I hope you come to me again in your next life
10,I cried exactly four timesPuppy acting and actor acting skills that make me want to be nice to the puppy when I get home were the bestBut I don't want to see it twice Tears are falling down again...Crying
10,It was a very moving movie.I keep crying while watching it I hope it comes out on CGV
10,Bailey's so cute I wish my dog was like that
10,Be here NOW. Living without regret for the present.
10,It's so touching and fun
10,A movie that warms my heart feels warm for some reason. I think it's okay.
10,I really don't know how many times I cried. I really need to do well with my dog crying
10,Why the title of the movie is Bailey Again and the process was so touching. I should just give him 10 stars!
10,I cried while thinking about my babycrying
10,It was a movie that touched my heart
10,Don't decide to sell dogs easily
10,The best movie of my life! It's a pity even if I pay for it
8,a cute and lovely movie
10,I really wanted to cry out loud It was so warm and nice that I was thankful that it was made into a movie. I'm going to go watch it again
10,I enjoyed watching it with my family  ~~
10,Call me Park Pyeong-sik.
10,Call me Park Pyeong-sik.
10,I don't know if this good movie is being shown on CGV.
10,Bailey's voice that you want to hear a warm healing movie this winter
10,I recommend it to beautiful people who love and care for dogs.It's a warm movie where you cry and smile at Bailey's cuteness
10,Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,It's so touching and I hope people who have dogs can watch it! It was a movie that reminded me of a dog at home.
10,Tears welled up in my heart
10,I'm not a critic
10,What's the rating of Cine 21? All 4 of us. What's 5 points? Is it like score terrorism? 5 points for unity...
10,I hope our puppies in the sky will come and see us again.  Be nicer to me. Take only good memories
10,The best movie. May all the puppies in the world be happy
8,It was really fun and touching!Puppy is love!
10,It's good. Fun and touching
10,Calm and lovely ♡
10,It was really touching. It warms my heart. It's a healing movie
10,It's a movie that reminds me of our babies who left us and makes me cry.a good movie
10,Guaranteed touching and fun ♡♡♡
10,It's jam-packed. Please open the poetry book
10,I'm the only one who doesn't have a dog.
10,It's a beautiful movie that makes me wonder if there's another person in the world who loves me unconditionally like a dogcrying
10,I thought that my mom would be really sad without me
10,Be sure to watch the best healing movie that made you laugh and cry!
7,A movie that gave me a break
10,It's a movie that makes you laugh but also makes you cry a lot. Thank you
10,A touching story that makes me think about the reason for the existence of all living things in the world through dogs. I cried because I was choked up even though I didn't raise a dog.
10,Fairy tales that adults see...It'll be so nice for the kids to see...The whole world will be happy to see it together.a healing movie
8,I can feel the dog's feelings while watching the movie.
10,I think Suga will come back
10,A dog that's cooler than a person. Touching and fun ^^
10,It's a movie where you can see and feel with your dog's eyes
10,The theme was fresh and fun The best voice actor's puppy dubbing is the best
10,It was a healing movie. A movie that anyone who has a dog must watch!
10,It's interesting to see the dog's reincarnation material and friendship
10,I'm touched. I'm the only one without a dog
10,It was so fun and sadcrying
10,It was a touching movie and I cried a lot. Strongly recommend
10,The best movie anyone who has a dog should watch
10,It's so much fun!I want to raise a dog
10,It's a touching movie Make sure to watch it!
8,The puppy is lovely even if it keeps changing its appearance.
10,It's a heart-warming movie Very.
10,I cried a lot because I remembered my dog. It's really like a movie made for someone like me. I miss you again.
10,It's really fun. I recommend it to people who like dogs
10,The image of a person from Bailey's point of view.Bailey's Life = The Life of a Person's Life A movie with laughter and emotion
10,It was a piece that made me think about my dog'
10,My favorite movie! That's a great movie
8,I highly recommend it for those who raise dogs
10,It's the best moving movie. I hope you all watch it
10,LASE Halstrom is a great movie about dogs
10,Laughing and crying. It was such a good movie. I think it'd be good for people who have dogs to watch!
10,It's fun. You should watch it
10,It was fun and touching
10,The greatest emotion and laughter. I strongly recommend a good movie that recharges positive energy in your life
10,A movie that you must watch if you live with a dog
10,A messenger that connects people. a movie that anyone can enjoy without a dog
10,Puppies are cute and warm movie
10,It was really good. It's a heart-warming movie
10,It was a lovely and touching movie I highly recommend it!
10,It was so much fun!
8,A movie that's good for dogs. A movie that makes them laugh
8,It was so much fun It's a good chance to watch it with your kid
10,It was the best. It was an impressive movie
10,I'm so touched by your love for a romantic animal
8,It's a warm and healing movie
10,I enjoyed watching a beautiful movie
10,It was really fun. It was the best
8,It was fun!It's touching.
10,It's such a touching movie
10,It's fun. Puppy is so cute and touching. Healing movie
10,The portrayal of the human world from the perspective of a dog gives fun and impression. It's a healing movie for people who love for animals
10,I strongly recommend how to treat your dog
10,It's fun. You have to be nice to Choco
10,Please increase the number of theaters! Make sure you watch it
8,It was fun to see it from an animal's point of view!
10,It's a warm movie that I want to read as a novel
10,The movie was the movie of my life movie
8,I can't believe I'm having so much fun watching Bailey
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
10,My neighborhood mega and CGV are not showing.I wanted to see you today.
8,People who love dogs are even more touching~~
10,A movie full of warmth.I recommend it. ^^
10,Puppy is the best! I wish I could have a reincarnation party like that
10,The best! The best! The best! Healing!
9,I'm healed by the cute puppies
10,It's a touching movie. A movie that makes me cry
10,It was such a cute and refreshing movie So much fun! It was a movie that made me think about it from a dog's point of view Haha
10,Bailey Again Life's Greatest Puppy was a sad and cute story!
10,A dog is the main character? It's definitely 10 points. Woof woof
9,It's a lovely healing movie. I recommend it!
10,A heart-warming movie!
10,Why do critics only give you 5 stars after writing good things? They don't give high stars to their pride And the high star rating on the legendary fist is that your pride is capitalist through and through
10,It's an angry bull fire and increase the number of movie theaters
10,A movie that I want to watch two or three times
10,A movie that reminds me of a puppy who let him go after not doing well when he was young.
10,All the moments you can go through in your life as a dog. At any time Bailey endured Bailey. And found the purpose of the apprenticeship.
10,It was so good!
10,It was so touching and fun
8,An interesting movie to understand a bird
10,The movie made me think more deeply about the purpose and reason of living my life. It's touching and it's so much fun. Make sure to watch it!
10,Why aren't you opening the CGV?
10,I just cried because I remembered my puppy in heaven. Can we meet again like a movie?crying
10,We've been together since childhood after watching a movie It reminds me of the happy times with the many dogs that left.  It was a pleasure to see a really warm and touching movie in the stimulating movies.I really liked the pop songs that were included in the movie I hope a lot of people can be touched by this^^
8,I liked it because it was small and warm
10,It's the most touching and I learned it again
10,I was touched in an unexpected place.
10,Let's feel the moments of each day
8,It was a movie that made me want to ask a lot of things to a puppy at home because humans couldn't do that.
10,I'm going to watch it today As a dog lover of all the dogs in the world! https://ssl.pstatic.net/static/movie/2012/06/score_btn_submit.png
10,I filled my heart with warmth and love. I'm so happy^^
10,I went to the preview yesterday and watched it in advance! Omniscient dog perspective! I strongly recommend pets who have sent dogs before It was a heart-warming healing movie! Is Bailey's Gain a hit?
10,I saw it at the premiere. A must-see movie for anyone who has raised a dog!
10,Every scene was touching and lovely
10,Top
8,Each had his own story. We just need to look at them rather than give them a dim look.
10,He's so good at acting like a baby! It's so fun and I can relate to itHaha
10,I didn't expect much. It's so touching
10,It's very touching. I'm touched even when I look at it again
10,Let us not forget that life deserves applause.
9,It's a big misunderstanding if you think of it as a movie that children watch because it's for everyone. It's a movie that adults want to see at least once. The movie itself is very fun as well as touching.
10,A work to reflect on one's prejudices
10,My favorite movie. It resonates with me every time I watch it again
9,A good environment makes a good person
10,It's a great movie. A movie that I'll remember forever
10,It's been a while since I saw a warm movie I enjoyed it
9,People's eyes make one happy.
10,The story and acting are good. It's touching and fun
10,It was so touching^^
10,It was really fun and touching. The only movie that my whole family focused on ^^
10,It's so touching. It's the best!
10,I highly recommend a very warm movie!
10,It's touching. I want to see it again
10,It's a lesson story to not just look at the outside of a person like his or her face.Make sure to watch it ^^
10,It was good to feel a lot of emotions from the perspective of various characters in the movie.
10,It's so touching. They all look mature
10,I recommend a touching family movie!
10,What is true courage? I can tell from the movie
10,A movie that makes a sad or depressing story witty and warm
10,I need to see her again It was a movie that purifies my heart and eyes
10,Every life that lives every day is a miracle.
5,a movie that changes the eyes of the wrong people
10,It was the best. It was nice to see you!^^
10,A human story that finds the hero inside us all. Touching story. I love it. It was great. THANKS for all.
10,It's a great movie. I was happy watching it.
10,Make sure you watch this!I don't do anything else and I get immersed in it
10,It's a really good movie. It lingers in my mind
10,A movie that I focused on
9,A heartwarming movie I haven't seen in a long time.
10,The idea of wanting to be the same parent as Eogi's. Bia's loneliness is desperately empathized by tears.I can relate to what Miranda wanted. It's a movie with a warm story that everyone can relate to when they put themselves in that position.
10,It's so touching and the content is so good.It's been a while since I felt good about this movie
10,It's so touching...!
10,It was more impressive because it dealt with not only the feelings of the characters around the fishing village.A movie that tells you that you are not alone when you are having a hard time.
10,A movie that made me reflect on myself and reflect on myself
4,It is cool that the main character goes to school hard and tries hard even though he has a strange wound
10,It's a very moving movie
8,a formal but faithful production I fall for it and cheer for it.
6,The rating of 9.5 is too high.A movie that's perfect to watch.Not a masterpiece to watch a couple of times.
10,a movie full of great quotes
10,I recommend you watch it with your child^^
10,Every scene is a series of touching moments!
10,It's a really touching movie.
10,It's a good movie without missing everything. There was a reason for the high rating.Don't hesitate to watch it
10,I happened to watch it on YouTube and watched it on Netflix at dawn on Chuseok Day because it was a movie that Kim Sun-ho was impressed by.A movie that will touch anyone's heart.Be kind to the person who is fighting hard. I want to know himJust look at me
10,It's sad that I can only give you 10 stars
10,Each line is memorable movie. I want to watch it again because I want to remember good lines.
10,Making good friends is the luck of life.
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,YM Akuring. (Crying)
10,We deserve to be applauded once in a lifetime.
10,You wore a helmet for space travel!
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It's a heart-warming movie.
10,It was a movie that made me look back on myself to become a movie of one's life
10,It was so nice to watch the movie from the perspective of many people. Everyone deserves a round of applause at the end!
10,A touching movie
10,I'm touched. I enjoyed the movie
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I can't help but give you 10 points. It was a touching movie. Such a cool baby family.
10,Such a beautiful and pretty movie
8,It's worth watching with children.
10,Family is the driving force of life
10,I've never cried this much since elementary school. The story and directing warms my heartThank you.
10,It's warm... It's cozy... You're kind. You can make up even if you fight
10,A grateful movie that looks back on my life and makes me feel grateful for my present life
10,The movie that cried every 5 minutes...
10,I was touched from the beginning I kept crying and it was happy tears
10,I just watched it on Netflix and it's a movie that makes me think a lot. It was so good.
10,It's a movie that makes you look back on your life. Make sure to watch it!
10,I cried so much that I have a headache
10,This movie is so clever and touching
10,A movie that can't be made in Korea
10,It's a piece of work that makes my heart
10,Countless stars shining in various shapes.
10,Life's movie with laughter and emotion
10,Great story immersion…
10,A masterpiece that I want to watch again
10,It's the best movie since the internship.
10,It's a movie that you can relate to and warm your heart
10,A movie that made me feel many things while raising a child. I hope that I will wake up happily even if I fall down. I hope that my child will remember me as a good adult
10,a moving film that has long left a lingering impression
10,The movie that I watched became one of my life movies that made me think a lot. I watched the movie while crying all the movie broke my heart
10,It's so touching to think that you're so important
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece It's a masterpiece that's pitiful for those who didn't watch it
10,This story is a very moving movie. I was so angry that a kid named Eogi went to school for the first time and was teased. It was very touching that Eogi made a friend in the last scene.
10,Be comfortable and kind to become a Korea that changes your perspective
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie where everyone is the main character!
10,You had great parents
10,It's a great movie that made you feel hopeful and watch it!
10,The best movie of my life! I keep crying
10,It's so touching. Well-made
1,It's fun. I want to watch it again.I want to recommend it to my friend.
10,It's a good movie.  It's nice to watch with the kids.  Recommend.
10,It's full of deep emotion and lingering emotions.
10,I'm recommending it to those who enjoyed it and couldn't watch it
10,Choose kindness between right and kind
10,It's a movie that you can't miss out on.I really recommend it. It's so cool and impressive to see Eogi walking firmly toward the world
10,I cried and laughed. It was so nice
10,It's a really warm movie. It makes me look back on myself.
10,Each has a story. It's a heartwarming and very charming movie!
10,I watched a proper movie after a long time
10,the best film without harmfulness
8,The Kindest Movie of the Year!
10,A movie that makes me feel like I should be a better adult
9,I got emotional when I saw B.I and my grandmother.It was a movie that made me feel emotional for the first time in a while.
10,I want to live where they live
10,It was so touching and it was a touching movie!
10,It's such a good movie. It's touching. I watched a good movie for the first time in a while! :)
10,The movie that I was moved by time makes me think a lot.
10,I highly recommend it as a family film festival!
10,It's a good movie that touches your heart no matter how many times you watch it
10,a warm and touching movie
10,I strongly recommend it I hope parents who have children over elementary school watch it together
10,A movie that gives value to the present life
10,I've seen her twice with hermoving
10,I watched it because someone recommended it. It was touching. I think I cried more than three times
10,It's the first time I've ever cried like this from beginning to end. It's a touching movie!
10,I happened to see it while I was turning the TV.Why did you watch such a wonderful movie now?최고You're the best
10,Courage to learn from innocence.
10,Be kind. Everyone's working hard
8,the most necessary movie of this age
10,It was touching
10,It was the best movie ever. Why am I shedding tears in the last scene?
10,a gentle echo of emotion
10,I need to change the way I look at others It's a movie that's hard not to be touched
10,I can say it was warm
10,I was so impressed. It was a movie that gave us a very good opportunity to look at the world from a different perspective.
10,I watched a good movie after a long timeThat's cool!
10,A movie that's so impressive
10,A movie that you want to show to your loved ones like a movie like a present.
10,It was touching and I cried the whole time
10,It's been a while since I saw a heart-warming movie! It's a touching and great movie!
10,It was a very touching movie and it gave me a lesson
10,I don't know how many times I got emotional. A heartwarming movie and ending where you can truly feel what true family love is
10,My favorite movie...crying
10,Will Jack's hair be okay?
10,A movie that I want to show my spouse and children later
10,It's the greatest work of my life. I've been replaying it over and over again.
10,There's no need for words. It's the best.
10,A lot of people... I want the kids to see it.It's too bad there's no dubbed version. I want to show it to my kindergarten kid...I just want to let you hear each line
10,A beautiful movie that you can watch and feel! It's also important to watch out for the actors
10,It's my first time crying because I'm so moved and moved after watching a movie...This is a real movie. I can't believe I'm seeing you now.Make sure to watch it. It's a movie that makes you feel so many things.
10,The reason why I don't watch Korean movies
10,I hope everyone loves and cares about each other without prejudice
10,A movie that I want to recommend to people around me!
10,It's a good movie Family love
10,100 out of 100
10,There's a reason why the ratings are high. It was a movie that impressed me after a long time
10,I think it's a movie that gives me courage now that I'm having a hard time.
10,It's a movie that doesn't dry up tears for parents.It's so touching. It's a movie where everyone is the main character. I feel once again that what I look at is not everything. It's a movie that broadens your mind.
10,I cried three times while watching it. It is one of the best movies.
10,It's deeply moving to the viewer...
10,A movie that makes you feel sad and proud
10,It was such a good movie. It warmed my heart and made me think about my surroundings again. It was a touching and unforgettable movie
10,It's a moving movie. Best Family Movie
10,I recommend that you watch it from beginning to end. It's fun and touching.
10,A good movie! I hope you take your time to watch it
10,I'm glad you're happy
10,It's a movie that we must watch
10,I'm touched every time I watch it many times
10,Are you touched?
9,It was a movie that I could watch while being moved until the end.I want to see you again with the kids
10,My review is literally 'heart-fluttering'.
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,I think it's a movie that expresses the fact that you can't just think about the outsidecrying
10,It's a miracle that you can read other people's minds
9,You can realize the simple truth of life by looking back on the minds of parents and growing children.
9,The movie is good even though it is simple and cliché-like. I think the simple and direct directing was better than the in-depth content. It feels like there's consideration and kindness in the production
10,I think it's my first time leaving a review on NAVER.It was a really good movie.I think it means more to me as an adult now.
10,Thank you for re-release! It was a touching and lovely movie after a long time
10,The best! Everyone acts so well
10,A warm and moving film. "Choose kindness if it's between right and kindness. Because everyone's working hard..."
10,It was so touching and I loved it from beginning to end. I think it will be my life movie  I feel and learn a lot
10,I'm watching it again and it's touching and fun
10,My favorite movie that warms my heart as if I've watched it three times
10,A movie that makes you think a lot...
9,"Be kind to all who fight hard."
8,A well-made and witty movie
10,We can see and value our lives more objectively.It made me realize that each person's value is much more than he thinks.
10,It's a heart-warming healing movie
5,Watch Wonder Woman 1984
10,It's been a while since I watched a warm movie that could be touched by anyone.
10,A movie that I want to give to myself who is about to leave as a special teacher
10,Thank you for reopening Megabox.
9,Everyone has their own circumstances that they can't tell others.And we get misunderstood because we're obsessed with superficiality.But... why do we have to suffer?
10,The movie of your life. You're a miracle.
10,You're so nice! Wonderful
10,It's a good movie to understand each position.It is a good movie for middle and high school students and parents who are over elementary and high school students. Watch it. Make sure you watch it. Watch it with the kids
10,Thankful movie. I cried and laughed
10,A well-made movie that I want to give a perfect score to...
10,This is a good movie!
10,It was more fun to watch the movie from people's perspective.
8,The story was good and it was very touching.I think it'd be nice to watch it again.
10,It was a movie with a good educational content that changed our perspective ^^ It was fun and not boring Haha
10,a film that lingers in one's mindA movie that makes you feel thankful!
10,It was so sad and touching
10,The movie where I smiled at my mom
10,To someone in a tough fight.
10,A movie that tells us how a life can change depending on how we treat it. It was so touching.
10,It comforts me.^^ It was so good.
10,I can't believe I'm watching such a good movie now.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a masterpiece.
10,It's a really warm movie. A movie that understands everyone's heart. It's touching.
10,amazing wonder...!
10,I recommend it. It's fun
10,It was so touching Don't you think a movie like this needs to be over 10 million? Clumsy. Comic movies worth 10 million. I can't hold my breath. - You're so smart and cute I was moved and proud to have many friends
10,The scene where Jack Will fights for the baby was touching!
9,It's so touching. I cried a lot while watching it
10,It was even more touching because I raised a childRaising and growing up as a single child in this world is really hard...I think about becoming an adult like your parents and I hope my child grows up to be a strong child.I thought about itHow happy and reassuring would it be to have a friend like Jack and Summer.It was a warm movie that made me think a lot.
10,It would be better to watch it with the children.
10,Very touching movie recently! Healing movie. Heartwarming and beautiful movie. National movies. Must-see movies for adults. Instructions for teachers. A movie for the whole school in the new semester. It's a movie that comes out with a standing ovation.:)
10,I happened to see it and it's so touching. I shed tears several times.I recommend it as a family movie.
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,The best! I'm touched from the start to the end
10,It was so touching. The parenting style of the parents was impressive. Every line was a famous line.
8,The scene where Jack sincerely apologized to Eogi was touching.
10,Tears welled up the whole time I watched. Touching.
10,I really like the story of this movie and it was touching!
10,It's fun!I watched it at school and it was so fun!
10,Such a warm and beautiful movie of my life
1,A movie is just a movie...
9,It's definitely the warmest movie I've ever seen before.
10,It's a moving movie. Recommendation!
10,What a wonderful movie!^^
10,I just found out about this gem-like movie. I really enjoyed it!
10,I envy those who haven't seen this movie yet.Thank you for the good movie.
10,A movie that touches my heart...
10,A movie that I enjoyed and was moved my heart
10,The story development was not boring and I think it was fun and touching. A movie that I was satisfied with after a long time.
10,It's a movie that's so touching and it's good to watch at this time of year
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,Make sure to watch a movie that teaches you how to see the world more beautifully!!!
10,A movie that everyone should watch...
7,The scar on the boy's face creates a scar in his heart...a boy who stands up from them
10,It's so much fun
10,A movie as wide as the universe with beautiful dreams and lovely family and friends
1,My score is one of 101
10,An impressive movie that can't be left out. My heart warmed up and my photo card became... It's been a while since I've seen a movie that remains so deep in my heart.
10,It was the best movie I want to keep and watch.
10,I think it's a good movie for people with low self-esteem
10,It's the best movie where there's nothing to miss out onI'm glad I've seen this kind of movie now~~
10,The movie where the whole family clapped afterwards ♡
10,It's the best. It's a heart-warming movie.
10,I'm tearing up.indescribable emotion
10,I enjoyed it so much. ^^ a heartwarming movie
10,A film that shows where true power is based
10,I've never seen such a moving zero
10,I want to be someone like summer
10,a film that gives the right direction for life
10,A life movie that everyone needs.
10,It was so fun and touching.I definitely recommend it.
10,It's a great movie to watch with kidsThe story is so nice and it's fun to have each character's point of view
10,I stayed at home with COVID-19. It's such a good movie ♡♡
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently.I highly recommend it as a family movie.
10,The best movie of my life.It was so touching.
10,a tearful film It's not sadness. It's emotion itself.
10,A movie like "Two Chicken" that captures both fun and emotion.
10,"Be kind to everyone's fighting hard battle"
9,My son recommended me to watch it. I envy my family who relaxes each other
10,It's a great movie that brings tears of happiness and overwhelming heart...!!!
10,It was a very moving movie.
10,Everyone's emotional acting is so goodYou're good at acting with obvious stories in a touching way^^ It's a good movie
10,I watched it with my two daughtersIt's the best movie for both children and adults
10,Make sure to watch it
10,A movie that really warms your heart. I'm going to read the book that'sir
10,"No Ordinary Person" is a touching and heart-warming movie. I liked the story of not only the main character but also the various characters
10,It's the best movie to show children. Adults also have a lot to learn.
10,The movie that made me think a lot is so touching
10,I saw a touching story for the first time in a while... I strongly recommend it
10,Perfect for recharging humanity
10,I'm watching right now... I love it!
9,The driving force behind the life of a loved one. I should love people around my family and friends. And don't forget that I'm loved. You have to behave properly because it makes me. Kindness or rightness should be chosen. Don't forget that my existence itself is a miracle
10,cool
10,the greatest movie in the world
10,I cried and laughed while watching it. It was a beautiful work that I sympathized with by looking at the pain and joy in each person's story. :)
10,I want to be confident like you /  The way to become an insider! / I got emotional at the end! / I enjoyed it / It was fun. (It felt like we watched it together in elementary school)^^)
10,It's touching and fun.
10,It was very moving.
10,I watched 13 movies in a week and it was the most fun Great parents and lovely children. Healing itself
10,Everything is perfect. A movie that I want to show my child later on
10,There is no need for words. It's a movie that takes away my tears whenever it appears in front of my eyes.
10,It's a warm movie that makes you think about how to live. All the actors are cool and pretty
10,Heart-warming stories of warm people
10,It's a good movie to watch with kids. We strongly recommend it. ♡♡
2,the pathetic tributary itself
9,When you're tired in the adult world.Movies that are good to watch when you want to get refreshed
10,I think there should be another film title. "Jack Will"
10,A heart-warming healing movie that brings back the lost courage
8,It was awesome. The actors acted so well that I could see it more touching. It was so touching. It was a movie that I want to watch again.
10,It is new to fabricate this kind of story that happens in society.
10,The fight scene is so touching
10,I cried for the first time in a long time.  I never cry when I watch a sad movie. I cried because it was so beautiful. Is this human beauty?
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in my life
10,It's a relief that I've seen such a masterpiece right nowcrying
10,a movie with a never-ending smile
10,I watched it with my classmates. I reflected a lot on whether I would have thought and acted like Julian. It's a must-see movie for growing children!
10,It was so nice and it warms my heart.
10,I recommended it to elementary school children and they said it was really fun.It played a role in preventing school violence by calmly expressing what is different from what is wrong.
10,It is a movie that makes the world beautiful. I received healing.
10,It was fun and touching
10,I couldn't stop crying from the beginning to the end of the movie
10,The story was so good. I watched it twice and I want to watch it again.
10,"It's a movie that really gives hope."
10,It makes my heart warm. Every line is like a gem and every scene is a precious movie
10,a touch of warmth
10,The most impressive movie I've ever seen in my life
10,Outstanding story and direction
9,I'll watch it again before I forget this feeling
10,A great movie where proud laughter and moving tears coexist
10,I think it's going to be the best movie of my life Maybe.
10,It's sad. It's touching
10,Don't be afraid to bump into each other!
9,Woollim is a word for this very thing like this.
10,"It's impossible for a baby to change its appearance. That's why we need to change our perspective." It's a very warm movie
10,Wonder is wonderful!
10,I happened to see them do it on OCN.a moving film
8,We learn precious things from movies and get the opportunity to account and change
10,It was a movie that warmed my heartwarming
10,It would have been bad if I didn't watch it. It's so touching
10,Our concerns from our own point of view
10,I came to think once again that I should not discriminate against others based on my appearance. And "Eojjang"! Way to go!
10,It's really a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it
10,I recommend you to watch the best movie ever
10,I want to be a person who is always positive and can freely express his thoughts and intentions. Like you
10,I'm just pathetic that I didn't see this touching movie in the theater.
10,The movie of my life. The inner side of a fish that is harder than me.
10,The most touching movie I've ever seen
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that touched my heart
9,It's touching and fun"Just look at it." It's so touchingcrying
8,It doesn't seem to be just a boy story. A miracle is something that everyone is slowly making.
10,The movie with children is deeply moving to a grown-up.
10,It's a good movie that everyone can watch
10,It's more fun and touching than the second time
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure you watch it
10,I think it's a movie that you can remember deeply
10,It's so much fun It's nice to see you constantly approach your friends without losing courage^^ And it's nice to see friends who recognize you for your other talents getting better and better and better
10,It's a movie where you can acknowledge people who are different from you without looking at the world.
10,This is a movie that has everything.
10,This is a movie that has everything.
10,It's full of emotions. It's not forced
10,It's a movie like a movie. Julia is very good at selecting works.
10,It's one of the movies that you watch over and over again. It's so touching
10,It's very touching...I cried when you cried.
10,It's a heartwarming movie.^^
9,It's the most perfect growth movie
10,I've been feeling sick since this morning. Miranda is so pretty
10,It's a touching drama that makes you more nervous than an action movie.
10,I like the parents of Eogi and Via very much.Should I say the true family I want?
10,It was so touching and I couldn't help but cry
10,The time when I was able to look back on my wounds and comfort them
10,I wish all the babies in the world were happy
10,Is there a movie that made me cry all the time? There's no better movie than Wonder
10,A movie that anyone can enjoy watching.
10,It makes me reflect on myself.
9,Everyone is lovely. Even dogs
10,It's so much fun and I think I can watch it even if I watch it 100 times.
10,There's no other moving movie like this. I can't describe the emotion that comes from the calm
9,I think it's a big deal for my friend Jack.
10,Look at the book. It's a touching movie
10,A movie that I want to watch again. It's simple without feeling sentimental
10,I watched it when Jack Will No Jouf came out. It was more fun than I expected and it was a good movie. It's cringe-worthy. But there's no good friend or teacher like that in real life. It's very cinematic
10,I can't believe I've only watched such a heart-warming movie now. I'm embarrassed that I've been doing silly things like judging people by how they look. A warm movie where you can feel the love and friendship of family and the beauty of the world. I think today will be happy thanks to this movie.
10,I watched a proper drama after a long time.I strongly recommend it.
10,Be kind to all who fight hard.
10,It's the best movie that I've ever seen. It's a story that naturally tells the story of each character. It's a heartwarming movie
10,It's a touching movie. I think it's really good to watch
10,The movie that made me feel a lot
10,It's a movie that moves me every time I watch it
10,I hope you'll be a person who looks at your heart rather than your appearance^^
10,It's a good movie...It gives me good energy.
10,The only thing I regret is that I saw it too late Let's just hope that the world we live in is pretty and that we just look at each other
10,Wonder is my best movie. It was a movie that was affectionate to Via because she was the first
10,The lines are so touching and empathetic.I recommend Woollim!
8,The reality is that there are a lot more people like Julian and his parents than there are kids like the principal and Jack and Summer bitterness
10,One of the must-see movies
10,How many times did I watch it? I even bought a book and read itIt just makes me feel sad and I look back on my disabled family and friends
10,Julia Roberts...It reminds me of the future robot Daltanius.
7,Living together is the hardest thing in life
10,Is there another lovely movie like this? All the scenes were precious and beautiful. That our lives can be lovely enough.
8,It's so touching. All the actors here are lovely
10,We deserve to be applauded once in a lifetime. Be kind to everyone who fights hard. I want to know who he isYou can just look at it over there
10,An unforgettable movie of my life! And touching
10,I hope there are many movies like thisI hope my child grows up like summer
10,"Be kind." That's touching. I recommend it
10,The movie that was so touching.
10,a moving and tearful movie
6,Obvious simplicity. Sometimes I like this.
10,It's such a great movie that schools can play it for education. I don't know how many times I've been watching this.
10,Thank you for knowing this movie
10,I thought it would be nice if all the characters except Julian were next to me in life.
10,Humans cannot see an inch ahead of themselves.
10,I just want to say I love you
10,I want to see this kind of movie often. The movie that was sad that it was ending... I want to watch it with my family later
10,I think it's an incredible thing to do to wrap up the last movie of the year with this one.
10,The movie was touching the way the main characters looked at it from their point of view
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's like I found my life movie.
10,I happened to see it and it was more than I expected.My heart was warm and touching the whole time I watched it!
10,A movie that you want to show to children when you become a teacher!
10,It touched my heart
9,It's nice out there and everyone's nice!!!
10,My heart sank throughout the movie I hope that this period will go further
10,There comes a day when everyone gets a standing ovation in their lives.
10,It's a very touching and heartwarming movie.
10,It's the best! It's such a healing movie. ^^
10,A must-see movie... I regret seeing you now.A really good movie about not only the growth of a child but also the growth of his family and people around him.
10,It's a movie that's infinitely touching. It's a great lesson.
10,I was really touched.
10,It was a time to look back on myself while watching the movie. That's a really good movie. It's touching and...
9,I happened to see... a magical movie
10,Parents who know what's normal.a reasonable thinking principalTeacher who doesn't look pitiful first before he needs help. But the belief that it can help gives.Such a warm and touching movie.
10,It's been a long time since you saw a masterpiece.
10,"Be kind. Everyone is working hard."
10,It's so nice.I really lost track of timeA warm movie...It's the best
10,You cried a lot. I'm so proud of you
10,I looked back at myself the whole timeTears covered my eyesWhat a coward I was.
10,"Just because you're different doesn't mean you're wrong."
10,It was the same as when I was in the third grade that the main character was ostracized
10,Why don't you try this? Make sure to watch it
8,A calm and good movie
10,I liked the narration a beautiful movie
10,I want to be a father like your father.
3,He's so nice. That's his strength and weakness
9,A movie you should watch with your family
10,Can I be kind without prejudice?
10,It was the best movie I've seen in years
9,Such a beautiful movie. I feel overwhelmed while watching it.
10,I liked how he showed it from the perspective of many people. It was touchingcrying
10,It's an educational movie. It's a good movie for both children and adults.
10,The movie I want to keep... It was better than I thought and I think it was made really well. Such a pretty movie. I keep thinking about it :)
10,It's the best movie. It gives me strength and emotion
10,I want adults and children to see it's adults and children
10,You're the reason why I've left a mark.Thank you for making my heart warm!^^
10,Be kind... everyone is trying
10,It was the most touching movie these days
9,Kindness is the right way
10,I was happy the whole time I watched. a clean film
10,It's a very moving movie
10,Depending on the situation... Watching a good movie...It could be better than studying a few words.This is what I think after watching this movie^^
10,It's a really warm movie.I think it is a movie that I want to show if I have a child later.
10,I like the happy ending They all lived happily ever after. Good
10,I'll give you a perfect score with the full Wonder.
10,Now I'm reflecting on how frustrated I am with the little things
10,A movie that I really want to show to children.
10,It makes me look back on myself
10,I want to see my baby again when he grows up. It was a touching movie that warmed my heart in the cold season
10,It's 100 out of 100.
10,I'm so touched. My heart is getting warm
10,Excellent!
10,My life movie that I watch many times when I have a hard time :)
10,I think it is the most touching movie I have ever seen in my life. I think it'd be great if someone who's really conscious of the eyes around them looked at it
10,Don't look at my face. Look at my heart
10,It's the best movie I've seen in my 30 years of life. I strongly recommend it because it has the highest rating Make sure to watch it ^^
10,What's written on your face
10,I was so into it from the start that I couldn't take my eyes off it. I was so moved that I watched it with tears in my eyes.
10,I think it's not everything that's shown by showing every point of view. And I want to be a warm person who protects and fights with people who are fighting against the world that is different from me
10,A movie where I wished my only son was this big.
9,The smile around my mouth
10,It's my favorite movie. It lingers until the end Wonder 2 is not coming out?
10,My favorite movie... I cried without realizing it. Something like this
10,It's the best movie that doesn't need wordsI strongly recommend it!
10,Growing a person is the growth of everyone around him
10,I just kept crying.
10,I was touched by the movie of my life
10,Better than an adult...
10,a moving and instructive film
10,a healing film It was so good
10,It's a great movie. The actors' acting is so touching
10,I was so happy that everyone's perspective came out Every role has its own story. A movie that you must show when you have a child
10,It's a movie that makes me look back on myself. It's a movie that I want to watch with if I have a child later
10,It's my favorite movie. It looks like August Rush.
10,A movie that makes you feel warm! I should keep it for myself
10,A movie I want to show my child
10,I don't know what I've been doing
10,I really enjoyed it. It's so touching
10,The best movie ever! Recommendation
10,It's such a warm movie
10,I enjoyed watching it! It was calm but touching
10,The loveliest movie of my life
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The best movie you have to watch in your life
10,I'm reminded of this because I watched a boring movie. I'm going to watch my life movie again
10,It's been a while since I watched a warm movie.
8,These movies give me the power to live. a masterpiece
10,I reflected on myself for not being able to show kindness in the past. Thank you
10,It was nice to be able to feel the emotion of reading a book again!
10,It's a warm movie.You don't regret seeing it once.
10,I also want to applaud Jack Will for his kindness by looking at him from the side
10,It was an opportunity to look back on me when I felt family love. I would like to express my deep respect for the courage and love of the Eogi family.
10,Nothing is more difficult than being a parent.
10,It was one of the few movies of my life that I want to recommend and watch.
10,The best movie of my life no matter how many times I watch it again
10,A film that gives courage to a depressed heart.
10,Good. I love itI keep looking at your cute face. You look like an angel when you smile
10,Consideration and little attention make the world beautiful
9,Good. It was more touching than I thought
8,Your efforts and your surroundings until you take off your helmet
10,The best movie of my life. It makes me feel emotional
10,It's a heartwarming movie. You're the best!
10,The best! A moving movie... I'd cry if I'd seen you at the theater
10,It's my first time giving a rating It's the best movie ever
10,It's a movie that I want everyone to watch. Be kind. I'll do that^^
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,The perfect movie. I regret why I didn't watch it at the theater
10,It was a beautiful movie that touched my heart!
10,I was happy the whole time. I hope it becomes a world where you can live happily.
10,a child-biased film
10,A movie that I really want to take out!
10,It's really warm and touching. It was so nice to show it from various kids' perspectives
10,It was touching^^
10,I watched a real movie after a long time.
10,It's very fun and touching
10,A movie that awakens inner beauty!
9,882105103148 "Be kind to all who fight hard."5
10,I don't have anything to say. Make sure you watch it.
10,A movie that reflects on me who keeps turning a blind eye to kindness even though I know kindness is right
10,A calm but not boring and pleasant movie. A sad but happy movie
10,Good. It's a good movieStrongly recommend
10,I don't think there will be any likes and dislikes in this movie
10,The best family movie of my life right now
9,All you need to live in a rough world is a spoonful of kindness and humor. That's enough.
10,It is a movie that all students and adults in Korea should watch at least once.^^
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this trick now. I cried a lot I can't stop crying. It's fun and touching. It's a movie with a perfect score of 10
8,It's calm but it's not boring and I lost track of time
10,a jewel-like film There's a reason for every life.
10,I'm spreading it to people around me after seeing it's late. Make sure you watch it. I watched it crying thinking about my daughter suffering from atopic dermatitis. I've gained a lot.
10,It was a movie that made my heart relax.I thought that maybe everyone in the world is struggling with their own struggles every day.I'm not the only one who's having a hard time.I should be a little nicer to the person next to me.
10,They're so nice people.I feel blessed enough just to have the main character in here.Heartwarming movie.Recommendation! ♡
10,Have courage in yourself
10,I was so touched in the morning Let's show this movie to all the students at school. Be kind. Everyone's working hard.
10,I'm so sorry that I couldn't be such a parent. There must have been a warm August under a good parent...
10,Sigh... Where is this kind of movie coming out?
10,It stars Nedbed and Marcelo.
10,It warmed my heart and I watched it while crying and laughing. It's the best!
10,It's not easy to get rid of prejudiceThe appearance of a child doesn't change We need to change the way we see it.to become a movie of one's life
10,I received clear energy and got healing while watching Wonder. It reminds me of my childhood and childhood. It's the movie of my life movie.
10,It's a must-see movie^^
10,It's such a beautiful movie
10,Real family...I think she is the most considerate one.
10,It's so touching. a movie of one's life
10,That was touching
10,A really good movie...Highly recommended
10,It's my first time writing a movie rating comment.
9,I inadvertently turned on channel CGV and watched it until the end. What's so touching?
10,Julian wasn't the problem. The parents are the same. What a heartwarming movie  Make sure you watch it
10,It's like a self-esteem class
8,Uh... I think it's an interesting movie
10,A beautiful story of a single shining sun and planets orbiting it.
10,Be kind to everyone who fights hard.
10,About what we forget to live.
10,It is the best movie.My heart becomes emotional and I burst into tears because I am moved from the bottom.Top.
10,A movie that everyone should watch at least once!
10,It's calm but powerful. It makes me think about my family again
10,It's a movie that a baby around the age of the main character fully understands and likesI think it would be good for the friends in the upper grades of elementary school to see it
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again with my son again^^
6,54665453316 Family movie is good. I can understand the atmosphere of elementary school in America.A good story that transcends prejudice against appearance disorders
10,I am happy that it is not normal... That sounds like a good phrase
10,Hey! You're so lovely!
10,I'm touched with my smartphone
10,There is a deep and deep message! I'll have to see the kid again. Please!!!
10,It was touching. It's a must for us.
10,That yama is the best!There's no need for words
10,That's a relief
10,Thank you so much "It's power to use it for the right thing."
10,It's a perfect movie with a lot of tears
10,What a warm and touching movie. I think this movie will remain as one of my life movies
10,It's beautiful. It's a heart-warming movie^~^
10,It's a movie that makes my heart overflow with warmth. It's the movie of my life movie.
10,May everyone who watches this movie be happy!
10,I'm moved by tears... It was so nice
10,I don't know what made me happy after watching this movie.I am happy.
8,A kind movie that changes our eyes
10,the integration of a nuclear power with a human beings
9,It's so touching. (Strongly recommended!)
10,A heartwarming movie of my life
10,I loved the stories of people with healthy minds
10,It's so heartwarming to watch the movie^^
10,I look back on my understanding and consideration for others. Everyone has a blemish on his face.
10,I was smiling the whole time
10,A really good movie to watchable. It's a movie that will leave a warm feeling in your heart
10,What do I need to say? Life movie! Thank you for making it well^^
10,If you're a parent... A must-see movie... A movie that parents should watch even if they're not.
10,It's such a warm movie about people beyond family that I regret not letting it go when it was released
10,the tenderness and quietness of the heart
10,a moving and delightful film
10,Let's not discriminate by appearance or race
10,It's the best! Make sure to watch it!~~~
8,You're not at the center of everything.
10,It is a great movie that is so good that the inside is prettier than the outside
9,Be a good-looking man. It's just a shell on the outside
10,I keep in mind that I will live a kind life to anyone after watching the movie.
10,It's a really touching movie
10,People who think weird things are weird
10,Let's be kind before being right ^^
10,The best movie I've seen in years!
10,A movie that makes you want to understand someone
10,Thank you so much for watching this movie. It's really the best movie of my life.
10,Learning lessons and being touched.
9,You can't judge a person by his appearance.
10,When did you get this touching.I don't know if the movie will be released...It's the movie of my life movie.The child actors are excellent in acting.
10,I want to be a good adult
10,What a happy life it is to have true friends and family
10,I am so happy to see this movie
10,It was a very warm movie
10,My favorite movie! I watched it by chance on the movie recommendation channel and downloaded it. I enjoyed it so much that I watched it twice and bought a book. A heartwarming movie. The best movie
10,Touching. Tears. Confidence.Recommended for everyone!
10,I didn't even know this famous painting was released
10,Your face is a map. You've lived your life ^^
10,Thank you very much. It was a movie that I couldn't stop crying.I will reflect on myself and reflect on myself again.
10,The process of growing fish and meeting true friends was so warm.
10,Wonder! I'm touched I'm gonna have to watch it with the kids one more time
10,The patience and mindset of the characters in this movie made me ashamed. It is a movie that tells you how to overcome an ordeal and how to treat someone who is having a hard time around you.
10,I can relate to the line that there is no ordinary person in the movie. Everyone needs attention Friendship is the interest that has the most positive effect on us.
10,Wonder. I watched a great movieI think this is the first time that all the characters feel great. Just see. Just look. How difficult it is.
10,All mothers in the world say the same.The best thing I've ever done in my life is to give birth to you.Parents do not give up and throw away their children even if they have a disability.A movie that impressed me greatly.It's too bad that I couldn't see this movie because of the screen monopoly
10,The best movie I've seen recently
10,It seems like I watched a movie after a long time.
10,The pure and touching itself
10,I recommend it.It's a touching drama
10,It's so touching. It's so...
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,I guess I'm getting old. I don't have anything to throw away I don't know what they're feeling. My heart aches. I keep cryingI'm so worried and proud of you. I'm sorry to watch this movie for free
10,What a lovely movie!
10,The movie itself is really wonder!
10,It's my first time feeling cute
10,I hope the movie that must be released in Korea is a mature country now
8,Shouldn't there be a prize for the helper?
10,What a great movie!be worthy of recommendation to anyone
10,What are you going to do! My eyes are swollen because I was touched from beginning to end! ! What a great movie!
10,I happen to be watching this on channel CGV. I can't believe I made such a great work. Is it possible to make a movie like this in Korea other than a movie that is too long?
10,Now I've seen this great movie. It's a must-see movie with kids
10,Positivity and the power of a beautiful heart
10,A movie that warms my heart. A movie that made me look at my children again as a parent with an older daughter and a younger son.
8,It was a touching movie. I want a lot of people to see it
10,A moving and warm movie
10,detailed expressions I can't believe you're telling such an obvious story with this image. a well-made film
10,Happy Eogi with the best parents!
10,It's so touching. It's the best movie ever Strongly recommend! Add a movie to my life!   It's 100 stars
10,Why are my eyes sweating?
10,It's a really good movie.
10,The scene of making up with Minecraft really touched my heart crying
10,It's a movie that makes me reflect on myself. How much effort did I make to overcome it?
10,I love all the characters in my life movie I need to be kind to people around me with warm eyes Fighting to all the babies in the world!
10,It's such a pretty movie. It's the best. The best
10,The Best Heartwarming Movie
10,It's a touching movie. I've been watching it several times
10,It's been a long time since I shed tears of emotion. It's a touching movie to finally see this movie. I need to raise my child to use strength and courage in good and right places :)
10,Be kind to everyone who has a tough fight.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel ashamed and makes me cry and wake up somewhere deep in my heart.It's a must-see movie when you have a child.Thank you for the good movie
10,Great lines and great roles.
10,It's calm but there's no time to be bored and I keep crying. It's the best
10,I don't know how many times I cried. A good movie to watch with my family! I recommend it!
10,I think a lot throughout the movie. It's not enough to say that it's touching.I want to encourage everyone to take a look
10,The movie that I learned a lot of lessons in a short time.
10,It was so beautiful and I was thankful
10,Ah! It was very touching.
10,I cheered for everyone in this movie.
10,My mother never gave up on anything
9,I reflect on myself as I become increasingly desolate.
10,I was so touched that I held back my tears.LOL I'll cry next time! It's a good movie ♥
10,Jack Will... He's the best
10,Is there really a mother like Julia Roberts in the world? Would I have been able to raise my child in that mother's attitude if I were in that situation? Will I be able to send my child with facial disabilities to a school where ordinary children attend in Korea?
10,The movie that touched me from beginning to end...It's my favorite movie
10,The sight of Julia Roberts makes me cry
10,I'm so proud of you
10,You can't change your face. Then shouldn't we change the way we see it?
10,I strongly recommend a heart-warming movie
10,I realize the importance of people. It's a great movie
10,It was a movie that didn't waste money
10,Elementary school students in Korea... Phew...
10,I cried the whole time I saw it
10,Make sure you watch it. You should watch ita movie with a different depth
1,The rating is too high. I can't believe there are masterpieces from other times down there
10,It was a movie that I watched happily!
10,Everyone has their own story
10,It became my favorite movie
10,A movie that makes me think about precious things that I have...
10,It was the most touching movie
10,I'm touched. I enjoyed the movie
10,The comparison to Newton's First Law at the beginning of the movie is really impressive. I think I'll keep thinking about it
8,A warm escape that touches the heartstrings of modern people living in a desolate era
10,A touching drama! A heart-warming story!
10,a moving and instructive film
10,A movie that I want to recommend to everyone around me.
10,I feel courageous looking at you. It's such a warm movie
10,It's a really meaningful and touching movie
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,I can't stop smiling even after the movie
10,It's a great movie no matter how many times I watch itcrying
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I can't forget the look on Julia Roberts' face when Eogi and Jack invited Jack home from school together.I watched it five times
10,I think it's a great movie
10,A touching movie that has a lot to think about while solving the story from each other's eyes.
10,Heartwarming movie...
10,It's a touching and warm movie. It makes me think about a lot of thingscrying
10,The warmest movie I saw on a cold winter day
10,That's very nice ^^ I recommend this movie. It's especially touching
10,It's just a movie that comforts me. A movie that makes me move forward again. A movie that warms my heart. A movie that I'll visit again and again
10,I watched a heart-warming movie after a long time. Let's love ourselves and respect others with kindness.
10,I regret watching it later. It is a really good movie
10,It's a movie that makes you realize how important a warm family is. I cried the whole time.
10,It's a really beautiful movie. I mean it.
10,a heartwarming movie I'm sure this is enough for a review...
9,It really touched my heart that we should change because the movie's warm-hearted appearance cannot change
10,It's a touching drama. So cute
10,A movie that makes you feel that a warm world will come if you change your perspective first rather than changing the other person.
10,I realized again how important it is to be loved. A person who has been loved can love himself and love others. It was a time when I could heal myself. It was an excellent choice for the first movie of the new year in 2019.
10,Life movie... It's a heartwarming movie.
10,It's innovative. It's fun. It's touching. You have to watch this!
10,I highly recommend watching it with children!
10,Everyone deserves to be applauded at least once
10,I think it's a good movie to watch more than once a year.It's a very grateful movie.Each and every one of you is so precious.
10,I don't know what to say. Thank you to all the people who helped me make and watch these movies.
10,I think my heart got really warm after seeing it.I want to watch this movie again
10,It's been a long time no see
7,This is the true "Beauty Inside"
10,We are all different and have different pains.
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year!
9,A movie like a cold winter stove.
10,Any film that has gained learning deserves applause at least once
10,A warm movie that gives calm happiness. I had a happy Christmas.
10,Why did I watch this now? It's my first time feeling overwhelmed while watching a movie
10,a harmless and deeply resonant film
10,It's my first time seeing a movie that's not boring at all
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot and look back on myself. Maybe I was acting like Julian. I want to be a person who has true kindness like summer.
10,It's fun. I recommend it.
9,It's good that I don't draw with sympathy alone.
10,Good... Very good...What a lovely family...Stronger than anyone else.Very good
10,Please re-release it. I hope everyone saw it
10,Can I also be a friend like Summer? Can I still be a good friend like Jack Will?
10,A movie that shows the direction of life
10,Shame. That little fish overcame his discomfort and revealed himself...I'm so busy hiding things for this age. I hope a lot of people watch it'
10,I'm not the one who leaves reviews. Make sure to watch this movie. I didn't watch it because it was like a family movie. I downloaded it today. Log in and write a review. It is one of the five best movies of my life. I was sad that the movie was ending.울 cry and laugh
10,a film of natural laughter and tears
10,"Be kind to all who fight hard." "Be kind to all who fight hard."
10,There is no ordinary person a heartening film
6,The story is well made with a warm feeling.
10,It's so touching!!!
10,I felt for the first time that a well-made movie is like this
7,It's just...It feels like a documentary
10,Good. End of one word. 123145
10,It's so touching. (G)I-DLE would love to see it!~~^^
10,The calm happiness and emotion that this movie gave me!!
10,Realistic but unrealistic and just as good
9,Can Korean children be like this? A world dominated by bullying and bullying.
10,This movie is worth 100 points.
10,A special movie where everyone is the main character
10,Watch a warm movie with kids
10,A movie that gives good prejudice to overcome prejudice!!!The best compliment for this movie
10,A movie with a smile and tears
10,It's a movie that makes people beautiful!
10,My favorite movie...I'm leaving a comment for the first time
10,A film that is all outstanding.One more star thanks to the handicap!
10,I can't believe I don't know you're so cool
10,'' The best movie of my life
8,It's not as much as Shawshank escape...Why is this number one...--
10,A movie of my life. A movie that makes me think about what kind of parents I should be.
9,I can't believe I just saw this movie.
10,This is a real masterpiece.
10,It's 100 times more touching! It's the best
10,The directing method that shows each person's position on misunderstanding makes them more immersed in the movie
10,I'm touched all the time I see you. This is what life is all about.
10,Be sure to watch and be kind to others. Be that kind of newsletter
10,...the best movie. I'm so touched by the movie I've seen recently.
8,I think 8 points is enough
10,My eyes were teary all the time I was watching. It's just the best.Each and every person's emotions are well expressed and their acting skills are amazing. It would have been nice if the director here directed a webtoon of a middle school girl
10,I'd like to express my gratitude to the staff and actors who made this great movie
10,I think I can help him open his eyes to his heart
10,The best movie of my life. Cute baby looks are a bonus
10,Thank you for making this movie
10,It was so memorable and I got choked up the whole time
10,Juyeon is really good at acting
10,A movie that taught me a lot
10,It is the best movie in the world
10,What are the criteria for evaluating journalists and critics? Is it that hard to see and feel as it is?
10,The story of a good parent and a good child education and a stronger family than anyone else
10,It was a warm movie and it made me think
10,It's a movie that I really enjoyed. A warm movie. ^^
10,A movie that makes you realize the importance of friends
10,Each line of the lines really makes me reflect on myself.
10,I'm so moved^^
10,a fishing gear with quiet power It's a happy movie
10,This is a must-see movie
9,It was better because it wasn't just a story.
10,I was able to think about kindness and rightness
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,The movie that I watched deeply(?)
10,Everyone deserves to be noticed at least once in their life.
10,The most touching. The most beautiful feeling.
7,That's cool.bb
10,I was happy to see such a great and great movie!
10,A movie that is so pretty~ ♡ A movie that makes you cry and laugh at the same time
10,My life movie - admit it?
10,Then why did you sit here? Because I want to make good friends.
10,I downloaded it and it's the best movie
10,I liked it because it was like a moving movie
10,Such great teachers and friends...This is FANTASY...But a movie that heals just by watching it.
10,Such a beautiful and touching movie
10,All the characters in this movie are lovely
10,I don't need the best words I'm so touching
10,It's a movie that makes me think that I should be a parent like this parent
10,The best movie I want to give 10 more points
10,It is a movie with sophisticated editing and contents. It's rare for a movie with kids to be this good
10,It was touching. I recommend it.
7,It's a human family movie that stimulated the tear glands. But it's not fun
10,A movie full of beautiful and calm emotions that you will never regret
10,I watched it out of curiosity...I think it's going to be the best movie of the year. It makes my heart warm
10,Everyone has his own circumstances.
10,I don't know how long it's been since I smiled around my mouth while shedding tears.
10,It was so touchingYou just have to lookBe kind
10,It is a very moving movie.
10,I wish I knew a good movie sooner
10,I hope you all watch it It's a really really good movie.
10,I saw a great movie. Wonder!@@@
10,We can't change. Let's change our perspective
10,Wow ^^ This kind of movie lacks perfect score
10,It's the best movie ever Tears are falling down
6,It was so much fun in the beginning. It was uncomfortable to see that all but one of the figures were so kind as to pay for the fantasy LOL And almost all the characters can't get out of the cliché. I can't handle things properly. I felt that the development was fast
10,Everything was perfect in the whole movie
10,I didn't watch it at the theater. I watched it recently. It's so touchingI regret why I didn't watch it at the theater
9,It's a healing movie with a lot of good words
10,I recommend a movie that all family members watch together.
10,A movie that can understand all the actions of all the characters. So I was more embarrassed while watching the movie that I could relate to.Make sure to watch it. I strongly recommend it.
10,It was so much fun It's a touching movie
10,It was a movie that warmed my heart the whole time I watched it. Log in to leave a rating. I hope that many movies like this will be made.
2,It's nothing more than a sentimental movie
10,Thank you for the good movie
10,It was good to contain the story of each person.
10, be moved
10,It's the best. It's fun
10,It's the best I recommend it
10,It was so touching.
1,It's an emotional piece that instills false dreams for the disabled
10,It's a movie with a big echo.
7,Only the story was disappointing.
1,A classic emotional overstatement
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,It's very warm. My life's work
10,The movie is really good!I'm so touched!
10,A good movie to watch with children. A movie with touching and lessons.
10,I feel that the foundation of a child is a parent again. I hope there are many movies like this
10,I only think it's great to be able to draw such a beautiful view of a child with a disability. A movie that must be shown to our children!
10,I'm touched in many ways.
1,It's a good movie. But the best movie...
10,A movie that reminds me of something I forgot in my life
10,I didn't expect much. Wow
10,Things that stand out don't mix well.
10,I want to go to the school where Mr. Tushman is.  a jewel-like movie
10,It makes me think again about appearanceism.
10,This is what you call a "movie
10,Everything was fine   It's an acting story
10,There is no need for words.  A must-see movie.
10,You are so blessed...
10,A movie that I want to keep. It's so good.
9,How to overcome your complex
10,You're just a normal person like us.
10,a film learned a lot from young children
10,I was so touched that I kept crying.I think it'd be good to watch it whenever you're depressedA really good movie!
10,A movie that is hard to judge by its rating. I learn a lot and learn a lot
10,I liked the movie OST that made my heart warm and it reminded me of flip
10,It's so touching!
10,There's no need for words. It's my favorite movie crying
10,I think everyone should see it. Let's reflect on ourselves.
10,Please say a line. A famous line.
10,It was so nice. It was so nice to read the book that lingered for a long time
10,a humanistic film that resonates greatly
10,I love this kind of movie.
10,An uncommon but common story of our growth.
8,It's a warm storyIt's fun.
10,I think it's a good thing I saw it. I need to remember the lessons from the movie
10,It's been a long time since I've had such happy tears
8,I hope all disabled people overcome it and are happy
10,A movie that everyone should watch.
10,It's been a while since I saw a proper movie.If you need healing... I recommend it
10,a masterpiece with the meaning of life
10,It seems to be the movie of life. Touching the heart the whole time I see you
10,Everyone deserves a round of applause at least once.I'm so touched by this comment. It's a movie that raised my self-esteem A really good movie
10,A movie that brings out a pleasant smile throughout the movie
10,It's so much fun. I want to be like a friend like you He's so happy
10,Touching! Fun! Enjoying the movie after a long time!Thumbs up!
6,A boy breaks an egg.
9,The principal was cool. I wondered if there were any principals in Korea who were so determined about school violence.
10,It's a story of a warm family and friendship
10,It's heart-warming the whole timeThe short parts of each main character were also good and highly recommended!
10,I couldn't stop smiling while watching the movie that warms my heart
10,It is the best movie.
10,Am I the only one who's crying?
10,This is the movie. ' A warm movie that tells the story of 'Sun'.
9,It is life that matures as much as it hurts.
10,My mom's smile all the time...^^ It's the movie of my life movie!
10,It's the best. A movie that I regret not seeing at the theater
10,It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie.The day will come when the prejudice of the world will disappear.
10,The little main character's acting is the best!
9,It's good for children' education.
8,A movie that reminds me of my family and friends
10,Why did I cry from the beginning throughout the movie? There wasn't a single moment that wasn't touching. It's the best
3,The director gives the children a desperate situation and brutally tries to solve it with the most crappy and cliche solution.
10,The movie made me feel that parents are mirrors of my children once again
10,It was a healing movie. I enjoyed it from the beginning to the end
10,It's so nice. It's been a while since I watched a good movieWarm Movie ^^
10,There are a lot of good words. I think it'll be a big help for those who are tired and tired!
10,It's so touching.There's a lot to learn from this movie^^
10,It's a movie I want to keep and watch. It was so nice to see each character's perspective.
10,It was the best movie to be with my family
7,They say the directing of the movie is pretty. It's like a one-dimensional fairy tale written by a high-class New York lady who sees the world so beautifully.
10,I looked back on my past life.
10,Julian's mom is more of a sight
10,It's like a developed country. Advanced mind and advanced education.
10,It was the most meaningful movie I watched recently
10,It's the best movie you should watch with your children. I was even more moved because all the actors were in the movie with their emotions.The movie I want to keep... Wonder...
1,Yap yap! Get attacked by Yap yap!
7,I want to bring him to my house and ask my mom to cook ramen and play a game with him.
10,It's a movie that I finally watched because of my university assignment. It's a movie that makes me regret why I watched it now. It's the best movie ever.
10,It's a touching and interesting movie.I'm very satisfied. It's a movie that I want to recommend!!^^haha
10,The movie is really touching. I regret seeing you late.
10,A movie that I want to keep...!I watched it with my kids and it was a really warm and touching movie
10,It's a very moving movie! This movie is number one
10,It's touching...
10,I recommended it and it's really touching
10,It's really touching to watch with my family
10,It was the best. Thank you for watching this movie
10,It was a good movie that made my heart warm.
10,It's the best to meet your favorite movie
10,It's a movie of my life. It's so touching and I recommend it to my acquaintances.
10,Everyone has their own beauty and style. It's such a wonderful movie of my life that I showed it through a breakthrough. The best
10,It's warm...
10,It's a heart-warming movie
1,This is the rating for rating adjustments The 3rd place is too high.
10,A movie that's likely to happen in real life.
10,You made such a touching story.
10,A heartwarming movie. It was nice to have the inside story of each character. I watched it with a happy smile all the time. I strongly recommend it!
10,The way we respect each other
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie worth 10 points. It's a story and composition. It's a really well-made and touching movie
10,Let's overcome everything!
10,Please watch a movie with a kid that has a lot to learn and is fun
10,Definitely one of the best movies of my life. TOP3!!!
10,I bought a book after watching a movie ^^
10,I have a lot of thoughts while watching it with my children. The children seemed to feel a lot of things even if they didn't explain it.
10,The best movie! It warms my heart
10,One of my favorite movies has been added to the list.
10,It was a movie that made me tear up the whole time I watched it. It was also very good to tell the story from multiple perspectives.
10,I'm not the only one having a hard time. There's no reason for anything. It's the best movie that makes you realize that everyone has their own reasons and stories
9,We're all the stars of our lives
1,Uh... Salaxe...이This
10,A happy and warm movie. I could feel that the world could still be warm. I don't know the meaning of my tears that have been flowing nonstop.
10,Everyone deserves a round of applause at least once!
10,I miss the warm love in the movie. I want to be with them.
10,A movie that tells you how important a precious person is
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie with a good vibe. It's a movie that makes you think that appearance is not the standard of evaluation
10,A very warm and lovely movie. It's a shame I didn't see it in the theater.
10,It's such a warm movie How many times did you cry? moving
10,Fighting! Fighting to all the people in the world!♥
10,I saw it on Kakao Talk. It's really good. Make sure to watch it It's a great movie to watch twice and three times They gave me a ride to the movie theater I saw yesterday
10,I hope everyone in the world has an eye for inner beauty.
10,I feel a lot of things. It is a beautiful movie. I kept looking at the watch because I didn't want the movie to end all the whole time
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's the best. I just loved it.
10,Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
10,The consideration of a friend who looked like Sistar Bora stood out.
10,I really enjoyed it Moving and clean movies... I hope the promotions go well.
10,It's a must-see movie for everyone.
10,It's touching but fun!
10,the best heartwarming movie
10,I felt a lot of things and it's touching.
10,A movie that everyone wants to see
10,I resent myself for watching Wonder and the Great Showman with God.
10,Make sure to watch it. I was really touched.
10,Applause! Applause! Applause!
10,It's a movie that makes me feel good
10,It's the best. I want to show them^^
10,A movie that makes you reflect on yourself. The characters are all lovely.
10,It's the best movie Really
10,It's a movie where tears don't dry up from the beginning to the end
10,I was touched when I saw Billie Elliot. It's too bad that I just saw a good movie.
10,I want to recommend it to kids who have a hard time adjusting to a new environment
10,I'm so touched that I can be kind to people who fight hard.
10,My favorite movie that I watched recently
10,It's literally healing. Summer and Jack Will. A movie that I want to keep and take out whenever I have a hard time... A movie where everyone in the movie grows up.
10,The reason why tears are flowing without Shinpa.
10,Everyone in the world is the main character.
8,I feel like I saw a good parenting textbook Good parents come first
10,Tears flowing for no reason. It was a healing movie that lingers in my mind. :)
10,A movie that everyone in the world wants to watch... I hope it's a better world.
10,The best movie of my life. A healing movie
10,It's just a good mouth. Please watch it
10,the thrill of many moments   Miracle Wonder
10,It's a movie that's very touching.
10,It's my first time crying throughout the whole moviecrying
10,The top three in my life...It's the best movie ever
10,A fishbowl with facial deformities is just one of his many characteristics. You are good at science and you make your friends fun.
10,The movie gave me courage and consolation. My heart got so warm
10,It's a great movie. It was a movie full of tears of emotion and a happy smile in the long wheat.
10,I should not miss any more precious things in my life.
10,Learning life from 5th grade! I'm so sorry I didn't see you in the theater.You can watch it 10 more times.The movie of my life! Wonderia wonderful!
10,A warm movie that gives strength to people who are going through difficult times.
8,Thank you for making it for me This kind of movie!
10,It's a great movie. A must-see movie in your life
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The ability to solve obvious materials is outstanding. A warm miracle movie that lives a hard life but never gives up being good people. A story of hope that would have been a reality. I hope it's warm like this in the movie.
10,I love this kind of movie. It's really great.
10,Every single line of the movie is so pretty. "No words needed is the best."
10,There was nothing bad about the movie
10,Good. It's just a must-see movie
1,Ugh! Totally no GEM. What a waste of tomorrow!
10,The story of all of us who sympathize with the pain...
10,It's a movie that makes you realize what true courage is
10,I dedicate this movie to everyone who has shown courage and kindness to the world.
10,Are you happy to see a good movie after a long time?^^ And I won't be prejudiced and live a happy life with a grateful heart
10,I want to work in this kind of movie industry.I feel like I've changed my childhood the whole time
10,It's calm and not boring. It's fun
10,I don't know how many times I stole tears. A heartwarming and touching movie.
10,It's a really warm movie~~~
10,Every word of the line was touching.
10,It's been a while since I last saw a movie that touched my heart
10,The kindness in the world that my children want to achieve as they grow up is contained in this film.It's a great movie.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie Everything is sweet :)
10,It's so touching. I wonder why I watched this kind of movie now...
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family
9,It resonates even more thanks to the surrounding images of people who do not understand others and only take their own positions. An anticancer drug that is perfect for cancer caused by individual selfishness and ignorance of others such as Dasan and Cho Hyun-min
9,It's been a while since Julia Roberts came out. I really want to see it. If she chose...
6,Tears fall from emotion
10,If I have to choose between right and kind...Choose kindness
10,I'm going to add one more movie of my life
10,I hope every parent in the world will watch it once and it is the best movie I have seen recently.  I wish I were such a parent and it was a warm-hearted time.
10,It's a really good movie. Will there ever be a day like this?
10,Always ask yourself what kind of person you want to be and choose kindness when asked to choose the right thing to do.
10,It wasn't intentional sadness. It was good I love the way you draw the story. It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's a must-see movie
10,It was a touching and heart-warming movie I strongly recommend it
10,It's a heart-warming story
10,Don't expect a friend like Jack Will or Summer by my side.Let's be friends like Jack Will and Summer first.
6,Just. You can learn a lesson if you watch it when it's soft.
8,Normal... They're cute
10,It is one of the 10 must-see movies before dying.
10,It's touching. It's a must-see movie for parents who are raising their children now.
10,I am glad that I am still a person who can be touched by this movie.
10,A movie that warms the heart and teaches many lessons.A movie where you can feel how important a harmonious family is
10,I don't need to say anything else. It's my life movie
6,The movie that was disappointing because it ended without interest at night
10,It's been a while since I watched a healing movie.Beautiful family and friendship
10,I have a rating for the first time in my life. I want to live the rest of my life like this. That's how much I felt and learned
10,I'm so touched to watch it with my child.
10,It's warm. I want to dream of this kind of life.
10,I was choked up the whole time.Best movie I've ever seen this year!
10,The most touching movie I've seen recently
10,I reflected on myself for my unkindness.
10,Not enough time to love...
10,There are two sides to everything.And it's really stupid to just ignore people
10,It's a great movie. I wanted to be a family like this. I learned that the child's confidence and courage stemmed from the love of the family.
10,Be kind to those who fight hard Ferry Sewol I thought of my family There are a lot of people who are struggling with the world I wish we could all be kind to them
10,I cried a lot while watching "Forced Touch X Forced Smile X Forced Empathy X." I couldn't take my eyes off it I think I watched it 5 times because I paid for it on Olleh TV.
10,To all of us who are in a tough fight... Let's be kind...♡♡♡
9,Great combination of good screenplay and good actors. I can feel the warmth
10,I wish there were many movies like this in the world
10,It's a must-see movie at school
10,The movie that made me cry and laugh the whole time. And made me look back on myself.
10,I didn't know it was such an elegant movie.
10,It's not weird. It's just a distorted and constructed perspective
10,"You can't change your appearance. So shouldn't we change the way we see it?"
10,A must-see movie before having a child
10,It's nothing.It is a great movie. I'm not forcing you to be moved.
1,The rating for a calm movie is too high
10,Use force correctly rather than strong force
9,It's so touching that I'm tearing up.
10,I got a warm and deep echo after a long time. It's a movie that makes me mature.
10,It's my favorite movie. I hope there are many movies like this.
10,I shouldn't have seen it at dawn. I still can't sleep because it's lingering
10,It's a beautiful movie. Make sure you watch it
10,It was a movie that made me reflect on myself and healed my heart
10,A movie that I want to watch and talk with before getting married and having a baby and going to kindergarten or elementary school.But can I get married? 할
10,I can see the reason why there were so many compliments. It's a movie I want to keep.
10,It was touching. Recommend.
10,A movie that heals you. A movie that makes you happy
10,I want to give more points to Jack Will Every line from the principal really touches my heart Our elementary school principals and teachers must watch this movie... ~~
10,be warm-hearted A growing movie that makes both the characters and the audience grow.
10,It was perfect. I'm happy with the memories.
10,The movie is really good. It's overwhelming
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie with 10 points. Pure touching
10,I'm crying. And I'm happy to see you.
9,A story about the process of overcoming the gaze.It's touching and touching.
10,It's a movie that I will remember for a long time. It makes my heart warm I strongly recommend it!>_<
8,The movie is too calm for me. But the lesson is good.
10,It's my favorite movie. I strongly recommend it
9,A movie that warms my teary heart.
10,It's lovely.
7,A movie where adults feel a lot of things.
10,I recommend it to families who raise children
10,It was such a perfect movie that it felt unrealistic
10,The most memorable and smiling movie I have seen in recent years
9,All family members are great.
10,The best family movie. Crying and laughing.  A movie that is very helpful for parents raising children. ^^
9,I don't want to give a score because it's a story about someone who lacks something. Just as I saw it and felt it
10,Don't think or speak recklessly unless you've been in his shoes. a tearful masterpiece
1,It's not a movie that will be plastered with 10 points.
10,Just watch it. I don't regret it!
10,I strongly recommend a movie that I hope all parents who are moved and remain in the mood for a long time will watch at least once.
10,The movie that I chose without any expectations. It was the best movie that left no regretscrying
10,A really good movie! And a movie that I want to watch again! Thank you! Director!
10,What a masterpiece. It was so much fun
8,It's not that you're ugly. It's just that the hearts of the people who see you are ugly
10,A movie you must watch before you die
10,I'm so touched. I love it
10,The movie is beautiful and has a lot to learn from the perspective of children and parents.
10,Unexpected romance. It's obvious but always touching
10,Best movie in my life. 10 stars
10,Make sure to watch it. A movie you'll regret if you don't watch it
10,The best moments!It's really the best
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot. It's so funny
10,It sounds like fun. lol
10,What a heartwarming movie ^^
9,I think it's a message for everyone. A message to be kind to everyone
10,It was a great movie It's not a waste of money. Thank you
10,The use of dragons to squeeze out tears and snot somehow compares too much to the forced emotion.
10,The beauty of the world and the importance of education is really beautiful and the best movie as a father of one child
10,It's the best. Too bad there are many people who don't know this movie
10,It was a movie that taught and enlightened a lot as a father of one child. I won't forget how grateful I am.
1,Adjusting the score. 8 points. Late stage is appropriate
10,I got goosebumps the whole time I watched it. The principal is the best
10,A movie that you want to show to (G)I-DLE
10,It was a movie that made me feel overwhelmed
10,10 out of 10!
10,It's a must-see movie in my life!
10,The movie of my life that I will never forget
10,I kept crying while watching it. It's the best.
10,The movie that I felt and realized a lot.
10,It's touching. It's a movie that makes you cry.
10,It's been a while since I watched a heartwarming movie. I like this kind of movie.It's like Begin Again. Hahaha
10,It is the best movie that I will remember in my life.
10,A series of laughter and touching moments.
8,It was good to deal with the minds of all the characters. And I thought society would be better if people were common sense.
10,A movie that gives you confidence...
10,Everyone has their own backside and circumstancesIt's a warm and warm movie where each character's charm stood out Make sure you watch it
10,The first movie that gave me a rating
10,a heartwarming movie It was touching and fun.
8,A movie that gives a warm ring to everyone who is tired and struggling.^
10,A movie in which everyone is the main character.
10,A movie that couldn't stop crying the whole time
7,Wonder. Go to the world.
10,Jack Will is such a good friend. Thumbs up
10,It was a movie where everyone was the main character
10,It's such a warm and touching movie
10,It's touching. Tears
10,It's a warm movie~~
9,a healing film Recommendation.
1,It's funnier than Shawshank?
10,a moving and thought-provoking movie
2,The score is so high...
10,A good movie to watch with children. It warms my heart after watching it
10,A really well-made movie. It was the first time I felt sorry for the movie.
1,I'm going to take care of my GPA~~~~
10,I would be very happy if my son grows up to go to school and make great friends like you.I wonder what it feels like to be a mother and father who let their child go into the world. I felt like I was going to get so choked up that I cried.I need to cheer up.
10,Tears of emotion are better...
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time
9,It was worth watching at least once
10,A movie that makes you feel good. Everyone's the main character
10,a textbook for parents raising children
10,The lines and quotes from this movie touched my heart. It was one of the few warm-hearted movies in my life.
10,It's such a warm movie. I want to see my loved one and show it to my child in the distant future. That's great.
10,A movie you want to keep for the rest of your life.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a meaningful and touching movie. Thank you.
10,I want to learn from my mom Good
10,a textbook of living life
10,My favorite movie! I watched the movie with tears in my eyes because each line touched my heart.a film worth keeping
10,It's so touching. A movie that makes me cry even if I watch it two or three times
10,It was amazing It was so touching
8,A good family movie. A movie that I want to show (G)I-DLE
10,A movie that you must watch at least once in your life
6,I hope there are more movies like this that can change your perspective
10,Don't worry about it. Just watch it You won't regret it
10,I didn't cry because I was sad. I was so moved that I sobbed all over my senses
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The best movie ever!It's so touching
10,It's a touching movie. It's a movie that you must show your childYou're the best!
9,It's a heart-warming movie ^^
10,There's not a moment when I didn't cry
10,A movie like a miracle that shines so warmly
9,It's a good movie for the whole family to watch together that feels like our lives and lives are in this one movie.
10,I need to be brave like you. I need a friend
10,It is interesting. You can see the American culture
10,It's been a while since I shed tears. I watched a good movie. It's the best! Happy tears!
10,A must-see movie! A warm movie that makes you think about everyone's position and circumstances
1,It's not that good
9,A very kind movie in the world. Roberts' smile is still attractive!
10,It is a heartwarming movie. I felt better after watching a movie like this.
10,A movie that I want to watch with my child if I have one.
10,All I can say is that you're the best.Make sure to watch it!
10,It's a moving movie without shedding a tear and the way you treat others. I should change it first
10,You really need to watch movies like this with your family.
10,A film that shows true kindness
10,You'll know the movie just by looking at the other reviews It's the best from the perspective of various characters who are touching and deep
10,It's a shame that this movie is buried in another movieIs it because there aren't that many theaters? It's so touching that the number of viewers disappeared. I want to recommend this movie to other people
10,I wanted to see you again and again.
8,The moment when the universe of individuals and the universe of others are combined
7,Frick's social adjustment...
10,Best movie ever! You look different but you look happy.
10,It was really touching. I think it's the first time I've seen a movie like this since I found happiness.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I want to go there and live there
10,a heartwarming film that teaches a lesson
10,There is no need for words. It's the best.
10,Healing...! I'm touched while watching it.It's a movie that makes me emotional and makes me smileHah!
10,a heartwarming movie A must-see movie if you haven't seen it yet.
8,It's very touching. It's fun.
10,It's the best. It's a good movie to watch several times. It contains important and valuable things that cannot be contained in words.
10,The movie that made me so happy from beginning to end
10,It was fun. (9-year-old son's review)
9,I want to live a happy world filled with people like this and movies like this
10,It's a really warm movie. It's a good movie full of people.
10,It was much more fun than I thought and it was a warm movie
10,What it looks like isn't everything
9,Is this movie a drug? How can you make me cry just by watching the preview?
10,It is a movie that gave a lot of inspiration and learning. I wish there were more movies like this.
10,I think it'll be the best movie of my life
10,It's a good movie I recommend it
10,A movie that makes you look back on what family love is. The movie that made me cry because I could feel the mother's heart of sending her sick son to school. The movie that my son loved and was comforted. The movie that was good about all the process of releasing thoughts and minds from each perspective.Ida.
10,There's no need for words. Just look. It gives you the courage and strength to reflect on yourself and make the world beautiful.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,You have to change your perspective. It's not different here
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,It's one of my favorite movies
10,Wonder is such a wonderful movie.
10,I hope many people will watch this movie by chance.
1,What Hollywood does best
9,It's a movie that warms your heart-warmingI'd like to recommend it to everyone who's lost courage and is frustrated
10,I cried 10 minutes after the movie.The story of all of us...
10,Korea needs this kind of movie!
9,a typical but warm movie
10,There are already so many Wonder around us. All we have to do is look
10,It's touching. It's a movie that gives you insight into the content of your acting
10,Thank you for growing up so bright
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A movie that won't be a waste if you watch it two or three times!
10,I'm sniffling and having fun watching...
10,It's a hopeful movie. Too bad there's no theater
10,That's the best.I realized that my heart is getting warm.
10,The smiling face of the baby is so nice to see. My heart has warmed up a lot. An interesting and warm movie.
10,The Essence of Family Love. The Essence of Love.the standard of education
10,I wasn't bored the whole time.A really good movie
8,It would be a great world to have children like this.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen crying
10,This year's best movie is a calm movie without action and not a new wave.
10,Sigh... I just cried. Thank you. I guess I'm still nice. I want to live a good life and be nice. Not an ordinary adult who lives in a snob. I want to get up and up again like a baby! I had a lot of thoughts and it made me feel that I was really young I just cry
10,a movie that heals the wounds of one's heart
10,It's a really good movie많은 I hope to see many people
10,It's so much fun and touching
10,It's a pleasant movie. I strongly recommend it
10,It was a movie that taught me a lesson and warmed my heart so that I could look back on the past. It's a masterpiece.
10,It's the best movie ever
10,A movie that makes you feel and learn a lot
10,I cried at first and laughed at the end... It's a heart-warming family movie. Why did I know this now? I strongly recommend it. I watched the best movie ever.
10,Hollywood is good at making this kind of movie... I was so happy to watch it and it makes me think about kindness again.
10,It was a really touching movie!
10,A movie that I want to show everyone
10,It's the best movie of my life.When I was 42 years old. It's a movie that told me that tears remain.Until the movie music is over. I just couldn't get up.
10,a boy who abandoned the world as a helmet The great echoes of true relationships and courage to move on to the world
5,I don't think it's to this extent. an ordinary emotional movie
10,Movies like Amazing Mary and Wonder always touch me
10,It's fun and touching!
10,Warm movies. My favorite style.The main characters are also very beautiful^^
10,It was such a warm and touching movie. I ended Friday night happily with my family. I will show this movie to my children later.
1,Emotional movies are boring
10,A movie that makes you have a good heart ♡
10,How beautiful people are to make this kind of movie
1,It's a little... contrived.
8,Add Steven Kvowski to list of favorite directors
10,It's really fun. I think it's a movie that all adults and children in the world should watch.
7,Heart-warming story that heals wounds
10,The movie was full of emotions and happiness from start to finish
10,I want to see him again♡
10,It's a must-see movie. I recommend itYou won't regret it!
8,Miranda's not been solved at all.
10,It's a must-see movie It's so heart-warming. I want to raise my children like this
9,1 hour and 50 minutes of tears in 2 hours. Real true...
10,For me. It's a masterpiece But my husband was boredHaha
10,I hoped this movie would never end.
7,I want to be a parent like Mr. and Mrs. Pullman.
10,A movie that makes me cry
10,I didn't expect much. It was so touching
10,Touch and hope lesson is such a good movie.
10,The best and best movie I've seen this year's movie
10,I cry and laugh all the time. Healing...The first movie I watched twice in a row.Make sure to watch it. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a warm movie. My heart is touched all the time I watch it^^
10,Is it a human drama with tearful motherhood and family love?
10,I think I found the top three movies of my life. I really enjoyed watching it. Should I say that it feels like things that I've been sick of watching other commercial movies are being washed away in one go? LOL
10,A movie that made me realize a lot of things
10,A movie that shows how we should live.
10,It's so nice. It's so touching and warm
1,Hello. Thank you Bye. See you again
10,A movie that showed kind and miraculous impression
10,I'll give you a rating of 10 after seeing No Jouf.
10,I'm touched. I want to see you again
10,The movie of my life that I want to show to the people I love 영화
10,This kind of movie makes the world warm
10,A movie full of special and dying love for others!!!! And the story of good people!!!!
10,I learned a lot from a little kid.
10,It's a movie that I want to watch together again when I grow up.I shed a lot of tears and feel a lot of things.
10,The most heartwarming movie of my life
10,I don't know how many times I cried and laughed while watching this movie Haha
10,I didn't want the movie to end. Hoping that the movie will become a reality...
10,I'm touched. It was fun. A lot of lessons are implied.
10,The movie that I watched with tears in my eyes is so touching and gives me a big lesson!
10,A movie where you can feel the warmth
10,It's such a warm movie. It's full of maternal love
4,A child with a facial disability.I don't think it was touching.
10,It's a movie that makes me smile. It was really fun
8,It was new and nice to show the story from various perspectives a well-made film
8,I didn't know the time went by I was especially emotional at the ending scene. :_)
10,It was the best. It was touching
10,You need to question why this movie is not a perfect score. Where do we break our hearts?
10,It's a masterpiece that really touched and showed family love
10,a lovely little baby
10,A movie that I'll remember forever. A movie that I'll remember forever
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,I watched it without any expectations. It's a really good movie
10,I thought about downloading it and watching it dozens of times. After watching it... I was touched and moved again.
9,It was a movie that really matched the title and the work
10,It's nice to see the whole family warm
9,My heart is getting warm!!!
8,It's touching... It's coming up from deep inside my heart.
10,It's so lovely. ♡-♡
10,It was a perfectly warm and beautiful movie♡
7,Family movie... Appearance can't beat family love...A simple but truthful message...!
9,A good film with stories of hurtful people and not ending in the growth of a disabled child
10,It's a movie where all the main characters who warm up from hand to toe grow a little.
5,Korean New Wave Film Made with American Culture and Emotion
10,It was a really good movie I won't forget it for a while
10,Oh! And every planet is lovely
10,It's a heart-warming movie! I was really overwhelmed the whole time I watched it. I strongly recommend it!
10,I hope we can live in a world without discrimination based on our looks.
10,I wished the movie wouldn't end while I was watching it
10,It was the warmest movie I've seen recently
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family!
10,I enjoy watching movies and borrow applications to read them.
9,It's a movie that makes you happy and warm.
10,I felt like I was reading a good book It's instructive and touching. I recommend it
10,It's a beautiful movie.
10,Parents always show it to the kids Korea will become brighter
10,I don't think it's a movie that I can evaluate
10,a movie that resonates with all the characters in it
10,A touching movie that's good for the whole family to watch together!
10,This is the first time that I felt emotional even when I watched a really sad movie.
10,Good! Best moving movie in recent years
10,It makes me feel a lot of things. You're the best!
10,I think I saw a great movie that reminded me that being different from others is special and beautiful I sincerely thank the director.
9,It's fun. Family love
8,A calm movie... It's been a whileJulia Roberts!
10,It's the best. The content and the lines are so nice  It's a shame the box office didn't work I hope many of you watch it
10,Really... I don't give a movie rating. But I really want to leave this movie... I cried while watching it. I definitely recommend it.
10,You're the best. The best... I'm so touching
8,Be a person like her and be with him
10,The difference between speciality and mediocrity is very subtle
1,Rating / Rating / Rating / Rating
10,I learned what kind of parents I should be.
10,A movie that shows childhood as the answer
8,a heartwarming story But not everyone is so lucky.
8,There's "love" and "love" is added to make it a wonder
8,A warm heart fills the empty space of fairy tales.  The wonder of love that overcomes the weight of different lives!
10,It's been a long time since I felt the impression that wasn't forced
10,It's the best. It's my favorite movie
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently Each character is charming and lovely
10,A movie that I watched while being moved and lost track of time
10,It was my best luck to watch this movie on the last day of 2017. It still lingers a lot.  It's a moving and thought-provoking movie
10,A warm movie that makes you think about what's important
10,It's a stupid choice if you don't watch a movie that you have to watch it Highly recommended
10,I cried the whole timecrying
10,I was touched. Everything was the best
10,The story of the growth of your family and the people around you. a heart-warming movie
10,A movie that our kids must watch
10,I respect those who make it. Make sure to watch it.I really recommend it!
10,I really want to recommend it to everyone around me!
10,It feels like I'm getting something out of the theater
10,Why did you watch it now? But I'm glad I saw you at the theater
10,This kind of movie should go over 10 million!!!
1,--; Do you run?
10,It's very idealistic and very realistic
10,I want to see you again when the baby is born
10,The composition and the acting of the actors are so good.
10,I'm so touched I dare say it was the best movie of my life
10,You're the best. You're the best. You're so wet
10,It's the best movie ever.My heart is fluttering in the ending scene. The best!
10,It's fun. This kind of movie is always fun
10,It's my first time to give a rating.
10,Heartwarming movie My problem is family problem
10,It's so touching! It was so much fun and I couldn't stop crying at the end.
1,I think the rating is too high.
10,A moving and happy movie
10,I watched a really good movie after a long time. I really recommend...
10,You're the best. So cool
10,It's so touching and fun. I caught both of them Make sure you watch it
10,This kind of movie is the real one.
10,The movie that made me feel shy the whole time I watched it
10,It's a story in our daily lives. I can relate to it. It's
8,A wonderful growth story of the earth's people and miraculous boy.
10,Heart-warming movies are the best
10,My dream is to meet a guy like Nate and Justin and raise kids like Baby Via Jackwill Summer as a wise mother like Isabel
10,one of the few movies that shed tears with overwhelming emotion
10,I'm touched. I'm thinking a lot about my current relationship
8,The warmth created by change is not done alone.
9,a heartwarming movie Typical but good. I hope the reality is the same as the movie
9,A heartwarming family movie I haven't seen in a while. Daniel Rose Russell Gap.
10,It's a movie that you must watch with your children. I was so touched and moved!
10,It's healing!
1,But you can't beat Shawshank's Escape
10,I didn't expect anything But it made me think a lot and I think it will be the most memorable movie I have ever seen in my life.
9,How can it be such a pure and kind movie?
8,I enjoyed watching the family movie. The touching husband is also fun a heartwarming movie
7,The characters that make you empathize and the warm movie's eyes about them create a family movie that is worthwhile enough. It is only regrettable that this is not how it is done in real life.
10,It was a movie that made me feel happy. Recommend.
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,It's a very warm movie this winter movie
10,It was a good movie that warmed my heart
10,Why are all the female characters so pretty?
10,It's a masterpiece! A standing ovation!
10,Movies that I want to watch again and again. Thank you for the movies that teach me the right way to see the world "Wonder".
9,It's fun and makes me smile
10,The best movie of my life
10,What is it that makes you sick to watch this? A movie that makes you look back on yourself
10,Kindness is something we all have to live with
9,a child-friendly growth film
10,It is a movie that warms my heart in the cold winter. Make sure you watch it
8,It's a good movie. It's heartwarming.
10,I envy you so much for having such parents
10,Best! No more movies! I can't hide my joy throughout the movie! Everyone who appears is lovely!
10,I want to give you 100 points bb
10,a movie full of tears
10,Such a beautiful and pretty movie
10,I'm so touched. I think it'd be great if my family could watch it togethercrying
10,It's a good movie. Make sure you watch it
10,Great movie! I'm touched.
9,It was such a beautiful movie.
10,A movie that's good enough for kids! I highly recommend it!
8,I could relate to Via's position a lot.
10,The best movie in my life
8,A warm and kind movie.
10,The touching message from the movie!!!
9,I felt like I was watching a fairy tale.My heart was warm the whole time I watched it
10,What should I do with this movie?
10,It's so fun. I want to be a friend like Jack Will.
10,I'm so touchedcrying
10,I cried my eyes out all the whole time The heart of a mother raising a child
6,Look away or face each other in their wounds and loneliness.
10,I'm so touched. I want to cheer for all the babies in the world
10,I enjoyed watching it lol
10,It lingered and I was impressed. It was an opportunity to look back on myself.
10,It was touching.Haha
10,Thank you for comforting me and melting me in this cold world
10,It's not forced. It's more touching
10,It's a well-made family movie that makes you happy
10,I don't need a hot pack It's already warm
10,It's the best humanism movie that makes me think about my family.
10,Please watch it!Pure Children's Advice to Adults
10,Life is melted in every scene. a warm talk The temperature of this movie is 36.5 degrees.
10,It's a very well-made and happy movie
10,You have to cry from the start
10,I had a hard time hiding my tears from the moment I started watching the movie to the end. It's my first time learning from a movie It became one of the best movies of my life.
7,A warm movie... Lovely Eogi and Friends
10,It was an opportunity to look back on myself after watching this movie.
10,I hope you can watch the best healing movie in the cold winter
10,This is amazing. I thought I was ugly. I think it's a movie that gains a lot of hope and confidence. I think I saw a really cool friend. And the movie that I liked more because I watched it alone
8,I came out of the movie theater in a good mood after a long time
10,Respect to all who are fighting a hard fight
10,I think I am lucky to know this movie. a very good movie
10,What a great movie! Thank you
10,I logged in because of my GPA. This movie is the best.
10,The best movie of my life! I was very touched by Jack Will.
10,It's a movie that makes you look back on myself
10,The movie that made me feel that everyone is precious...I feel so emotional
10,I believe that the heart-warming movie "Break Up" will be fine in the future
10,What a nice movie
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen
9,A movie that really touches my heart?
10,I've never seen a movie that made me so emotional
10,The tears I shed here are really tears of emotion^^
10,It's been a while since I watched a heartwarming movie.
10,A must-see movie in Korean society.
10,I love movies like this^^
10,It's a really good movie It's a moving and happy movie I strongly recommend it
10,A touching movie. I want everyone to see and think about it.
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's such a warm movie
10,Best movie of the year.The second review that I wrote after watching a movie.
10,I'm glad to see you. I should live each day preciously and kindly.
10,It's been a while since I saw a heartwarming movie. Thank you
10,The best movie. The must-see movie
9,What a heartwarming movie!
10,I really enjoyed it The best movie!
10,It's nice to see your family together.
9,Lovely movie. It's fun to be nice
10,A really well-made movie. This is dramatic
10,It's so warm... Aah…...
10,It's a really jewel-like movie.It is a beautiful movie to watch with children.
10,It's warm and warm~~
10,a film of quiet tears
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,I'm so proud of them. I'm so touched
10,It's the best movie
10,If it's a fantasy.
10,I watched a very good movie from the beginning of 2018. It was warm and I could feel it completely Julia's performance has reached the level of Merrill Streep.
10,It was so good. I strongly recommend it
9,A healing and heartwarming movie
10,A movie that offers solutions to the problem of school violence...Principals who try to hide and cover up the school image should see it
10,It's such a cute and affectionate movie
10,It's touching and fun Recommend.
10,The movie is warm enough to melt the temperature of minus 15 degrees Celsius! So much for a movie!
10,Children are greatly influenced by their parents
10,It's the best. It was so good
10,It feels like my life becomes happy and rich I suddenly feel good. Make sure to watch it
10,It was a perfect movie. I'm glad to see you later.
10,It was a touching movie. It reminds me of my childhood. What a great movie!
10,It's a beautiful movie. I need to put it on my list of movies.
10,It was a really good movie that made me cry
10,It's a pity that such a good movie is not known. I want to keep it as a DVD
10,Best movie ever. Watch it with kids
9,It's a heart-warming movieCourage and hope make a bigger world in love
10,a movie that makes you smile the whole time you watch it
1,I think it's overrated. Let me adjust the rating.
10,Julia Roberts is getting old. But she's my eternal goddess
10,Movies that I want to watch at the theater
10,The best movie!Movies More Needed by Adults
10,Easiest Ideal for Harmony and Harmony
10,The warmest movie I've ever seen this year
9,It's a very moving movie
10,It's so touching and I think it'll come out in my dreams
10,It's such a good movie
10,I watched it with my family and it was fun and touching. It's one of the top 3 movies!I want to recommend it to my friends and other people.I really recommend itIt's so nice to be able to feel the emotion and fun at once^^ I hope many people will have courage after watching this movie♡
10,I'm so happy to see Wonder as the first movie of the new year.
10,It was worth recommending this movie
9,I cried because it was so touching I laughed. I don't know how many times I repeated it
10,The most touching... Is there another movie like this?
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,The preview also choked up.
10,a hard fight
10,Touching! I didn't expect it. What if I didn't see it?You're the best!
9,"You can't change your appearance. So we have to change our perspective."
7,I could relate to your sister Via and her friend
10,A good movie for parents to watch
10,The sad heart of parents who can't live their lives instead of their children.I felt the importance of family
10,It's a heart-warming movie of my life movie
10,It's such a touching movie
9,Touching and fun...a great film with all
10,It was a very moving movie!
10,It was a calm and fun movie
10,It's the best movie of the year
10,I hope you meet a kind friend...
10,I thought it was a common touching story Each person's position... Everyone is the sun and the center in their own world.
10,It's a great movie. I recommend it.
10,Let's make a great movie together
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's a pity that there are so few theaters. It's been a while since I watched a really warm and nice movie. It's my first time crying while laughing.
10,Warm. Sorry that I should have been nice to them when I was young.
10,It's so fun and touching. Make sure to watch it!
10,It's so touching! I think it'd be nice if my family watched it together. It's a wonderful piece that reminds me of the meaning of family~~**
10,How would I live if I were Will because I was really touched by him? I thought so and I realized how precious his positive power and his friends and family are now.
10,It's more than I expected. A moving movie. I highly recommend it.
10,I like this movie. Everyone thinks about it. It's just a different concern
10,A movie that warms your heart when you watch it in the cold.
10,While I was watching... I'makes me teary. I think it's a good movie You don't get tired of these warm movies even if you watch it two or three times ~
10,I'm so happy on my way back from the movie that makes me smile and look back on my life. The first movie I want to keep since Forest Gump.
10,You will be able to experience a truly emotional and calm feeling.
10,It was a movie that made me keep thinking about it when I got home. It was a good opportunity to look back on myself and I think it was an opportunity to love myself more.
10,A good movie for parents to watch together
10,It was a movie that made me know what true friendship and love is like. The immersion level was very high by showing each person. It was a different movie than other obvious movies.
1,"Be kind to all who fight hard."
10,It's so nice. I should watch it twice
10,It was a happy movie the whole time I watched it. It's the best movie with both touching and humor
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,A lovely movie that warms your heart so that you won't be afraid of the cold wave! I want to watch it again.
10,My heart was pounding the whole time I watched it
7,- It's a warm movie. - Everyone in the movie is really nicelol
10,I was heartbroken by the story of children with pain that I couldn't choose and children with pain that I chose. I hope that all children will not have their own pain left as pain.
10,I'm a multi-child mom.I shed tears of emotion while watching with my children.
10,It was fun. Really...
10,It was very touching. The actor in charge of acting did a good job.  I want to see you again.
10,a film that has given a great impression
10,I'm touched. Watch it with the kids.
10,I could feel the child's heart It's so touching
10,A movie that I want to show to students as a teacher
10,It's a really warm movie.
10,A moving and meaningful movie
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I was touched
10,It's educational to look at with a kid
10,It was a warm movie.
10,It's not just a movie. It's a movie for all of us
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,a cute and lovely movie
8,It was a heart-warming movie
8,That's what you're talking about. It was a good movie
10,I received warm comfort and support.It's even more touching to see you with your family
10,A movie that makes me feel like a mother
8,It's really warm. It's really nice
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently
10,Add to the must-see movie
10,I was happy throughout the movie Best Movie of the Year
10,Everyone is special. The movie of my life movie.
10,Man lives through man.
10,It's very touching. It was a meaningful time for me to reflect on myself and think about the meaning of my family. You're the best!
10,Home education and school education make me think about many parts.
10,It's such a warm story The whole family saw it. It's the best^^
10,It's so touching.I gained courage
10,No need to say. It was the best movie of the year
10,A movie you need when life is hard and tiring
8,It's so touching! It's so funny
10,The best family movie ever!
10,It's called a moving movie
10,It was a guide to how to raise a child It's a movie that makes me cry from the beginning. It's my life movie
10,It's a movie that made me cry and laugh throughout the movie
10,It's a well-made movie.
10,Recommend a movie that's good to watch twice
9,It's a great movie I recommend you to watch a movie with your child that you must watch because you are a parent raising a child.
10,Parents in one country really have a lot of love for their children ^^
10,It's so touching. I strongly recommend it. Make sure to watch it
10,Julia Roberts is a good actress.
10,This is what it is that is truly human and acknowledged Wonder would have been impossible if discrimination existed and Korea was soaked in appearanceism.
10,I strongly recommend it! Young actors are so pretty
10,It's a movie that I enjoyed for the first time in a while! Thank you. :)
10,It was heartbreaking and fun.
9,A touching story of growth...
9,It's so warm. I recommend watching a movie with the whole family
10,I want to have a son like Jack Will
10,A warm movie you want to watch
8,It was so touching and fun
10,Such a touching and good movie!
10,I watched the movie of my lifeI am still deeply moved and deeply moved
8,a heartwarming movie
9,It's a moving movie.
10,I was so touched the whole time I watched it ♡
8,Why do I cry so much? It was a movie that made me think that I should be someone who acts to warm up the world.
10,It's good. It's goodAh.
9,a story of growing up together
9,It was a wonderful time to get hope and courage with children during the vacation with a movie again with a novel.
8,It was as good as a booka warm movie
10,The best warmth that reminds me of my family's face one by one.
10,It's been a while since I watched a moving movieI watched it because an acquaintance recommended it.All the actors are so good at acting. Everyone's nose and eyes are red.It was a great time.
9,The beauty of the earth that I didn't know because it was so close
10,I learn that goodness is not ambiguous.
10,It was a movie that made me cry. Tears fell throughout the whole time. I guess I can spend my hard days with laughter for such a beautiful come-from-behind victory. Thank you for making a warm movie♡
10,I almost clapped with him at the last clapping scene.
10,This is a movie with 10 points
10,It is a movie that conveys the emotions of each character.
10,It's so touching.This cold winter warms my heart.
9,It's good to show the hearts of various characters from various angles
10,It's a movie that I really recommendMake sure you watch it
10,It's the best movie evermoving
1,It's to prevent ratings and major evaluations
10,A life movie dedicated to those who do not have the courage to face the world because of the wounds suffered by others.
10,It's the best! Make sure to watch it
10,A healing movie that doesn't need words
10,It's a subtitle movie that even an 8 year old can pull off well. I really enjoyed it as a kind movie
10,For a more beautiful and just society! I strongly recommend it!
2,There is not much difference between downloading it on the internet and watching it at the movie theater
10,It's the first movie that WONDER watched while crying from start to finish
10,I hope there will be more theaters like this
9,It's not too heavy. It's fun and touching.b
10,I recommend it! It's a movie worth watching
10,I recommend it for family movies and company group viewing.  It was a movie that reminded me of the basics. It's a must-see movie for adults who are more powerful and powerful than children.
10,This kind of movie needs to get 10 million viewers. I really liked the movie. Daniel Rose Russell So pretty ♡♡♡
10,It feels like my heart is melting
9,a heart-warming movie
10,It's touching. I recommend it.
10,Julia Roberts' acting is so good
10,It's a moving movie. I watched it with an elementary school kid. I think the child felt a lot of things.
10,It's a heartwarming and touching movie
8,It was so much funHaha
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters. It was great.
10,I was both heartbroken and overwhelmed the whole time I watched it.It's good to know what true courage is and how to build a friendship
10,The power of infinite positivity Family love and friends. A movie that gives you the courage to overcome it
9,It is a very interesting and touching movie. I think it is a movie that can build confidence for all children.
10,Movies that you want to watch when you're depressed or need comfort
10,Touching movie. Warm and
10,Good. It's a touching movie
10,Good job. Good jobI enjoyed it
10,A story is presented from various perspectives. a heartwarming movie
10,I watched a lot of movies. It was the best movie I watched last year
10,Wow! It's so touching.
10,It must be the best movie I've seen recently!
10,a film that changes one's mind
10,It was a movie that really touched my heart. It's too bad that there aren't many movie theaters. It was also a time to reflect on me once again. I was so happy to see a good movie.
9,It's calm but not boring. The production is neat and clean. A very lovely movie.
10,It's my first time getting a GPA. It's so touching. It's my life-time work. Please watch it
10,It was so touching. It was touching.
10,It was a warm movie Recommendation
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The best movie director is the best!
10,I was so touched ~♡Jack Will is the best♡
10,The history of our growth. It's been a while since I watched a movie that made me think "I did a good job."
10,I think it's going to be my life movie.
10,It's the best movie ever. Watch it with mom and dad adolescent girls. I strongly recommend it
8,It's fun. I'm touched
10,a pretty and lovely movie
1,It's not 1 point. It's about 5 points. I'm going to give you 1 point because it's too high I hope there's no one who gets tricked like me.
8,It's a touching and warm movie^^
10,I envy the country where you can make this kind of movie. The principal is so cool
10,All the characters were attractive and the storytelling was refreshing. :)
8,You're so cute and lovelyIt's a warm movie about the growth period of Eo-gi calmly. ^^
10,There was no room for the tissue to dry.
10,The inner side is more important than the outer side of a person
10,Can you give me 11 stars? It's the best.
10,A classy work that reveals the difference from similar Korean movies
8,It's good for a New Year's movie.
10,Good. Make sure you watch itL
10,It was a touching moviecrying
8,I could get a glimpse of the lives of people with disabilities and the lives of their families I think it's important to understand each other and get through it.
10,It was a good movie that warmed my heart^^
10,My heart warmed in the cold winter
4,Almost as obvious as a commercial film
10,It's a movie that makes me think about important things in life
10,A movie that is so touching and makes me think about life
10,It is such a touching movie. It was so touching when I got through the difficulty and made friends around Eogi while always thinking positively even in a difficult environment
9,It was so good. So touching
10,Everyone deserves to be applauded at least once
7,What is this...Ratings should never be an element of movie choice. Why is the rating so high?  Are you trying to raise your emotions in the cold winter...?
10,How can the kids cry like this?
8,A film for everyone who has their own tough fight
10,It's like a song that comforts those who are going through hard times
10,A movie that comforts everyone who is having a hard time
8,It was a drama about growing young peopleEveryone has different thoughts and situations!
9,Everyone has their own precious stories
10,I recommend the movie "Wonder". It's like a fun fairy tale for all ages. It's a movie that makes me cry because I like it.
10,It warms my heart!
9,A movie that can be seen with a happy dad's smile
10,It's a movie that makes you feel touched and think about many things. There are a lot of great lines. Make sure you see a house with a child.
1,But this score...
10,It's a movie that will remain in my heart. It's so touching
9,A movie that makes me think a lot as a parent
10,We are all just wonder in itself.I am so thankful and happy that this is my first movie of the year.It is a movie that has a wide variety of reasons for tears while watching.
10,It's perfect for the first movie of the new year. a heartwarming movie
10,A heartwarming real movie.
10,Face? You don't have to worry about it
10,Movie recommendation with laughter and emotion!
10,It was a heartwarming and overwhelming movie. I hope there will be more of these people in our reality.
10,It is by far the best movie I have seen in the past year.
10,Please extend the running time of the theater
10,I really liked the scene where each character showed his thoughts
10,I wish I had a friend like Jack Wall
10,The movie is really good~~ It's too bad that there's no theater.
8,It must be a good movie.
10,It's touching. I cried a lot
10,It's the best. All the lines are memorable
9,a sad and touching movie
10,A warm movie! I really enjoyed watching it.
10,I really want to recommend it! It seems like a warm movie.
10,It was so touching.
10,a heartwarming growth movie
10,I'm touched. I'm touched
10,Good. ♡♡ The kids are so funny
5,I enjoyed watching it in a different wayIt's a movie that warms your heart when you watch it with your family
7,It is much better than OOO and OOO
10,I think I watched the best movie with my family after a long timeThank you so much for saying let's go see such a good movie?
10,It's a touching movie. Watching movies from my mom's perspective made me cry a lot of times
10,I didn't expect much. But I don't feel sorry for watching this movie. It was such a good movie. It was a heart-warming movie. I had a great time. A movie that makes you want to watch it again.
8,Stimulate your emotions. I just love it.
6,A family movie worth watching.
10,I recommend it. ^^ I really enjoyed watching it with my kid
8,It's a healing movie! I'm going to press "Recommendation" button
10,Everyone is struggling in their own circumstances...
8,It's a movie that makes you happy when you watch it even though it's obvious that you're niceHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh The performance of expressing the emotions of the baby by wearing a space suit was also lovely
10,The movie that made me happy and warm my heart. There were so many good lines and I hope there will be many movies like this. Eogi and his friends were so lovely :)
10,The movie that made me cry while watching it. Not only breaking but also telling other people's stories seems to say that everyone is the ball in their life. All the fish in the world.You are wonder.!!
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,It's so touchingThe movie that made me cry the most in my life ♡
10,Touching but not neo-fascinating
10,It's a must-see movie
10,It seems to be the only movie that's not that different from the book.It's a movie that I really want to show to kids these days.I strongly recommend it~~^^
10,It's a movie that smiles all the time and warms your heart all the time you watch it. Miranda is so pretty
10,A movie that makes viewers want to be nice and nice. I hope there will be more good movies like this. The best since "Love Actually"Love Actually"
10,It's touching and very good at acting
9,I enjoyed watching it with my cousins
8,There are meaningful comments. I think he dealt with the subtle flow of emotions in ordinary relationships well.
1,It is not enough to have the highest rating ever.
10,It was a heartwarming movie.
8,It's a heart-warming movie!:)
10,It's a heartwarming movie. I look back on my own life. It's a really good movie.
10,a film that leaves a long lingering impression
10,It was the most touching and lingering movie I've seen recently
10,It's my first time using it. It's a very good movie.Make sure to watch it!
10,The best! That's all I can say.
10,The best movie ever. You learned a lot.
10,Because I'm not normal either.
9,It was a great movie I was impressed by many things
10,Make sure to watch the best movie!!!
10,I recommend this movie the most
10,I want a dubbed version I want to watch it with my kid
10,A must-see movie if you want to make friends
9,Everyone's patience works wonders. Intelligence trumps appearance.
10,"Be kind to all who fight hard."
9,I watched it with my whole family at the end of the year and they said it was the best movie I've seen recently. I recommend it!
9,It's a detox movie. Repeated daily life and happiness
10,They said they enjoyed the good
10,Make sure to watch a really touching movie
10,a heartwarming movie It's been a long time since I saw a good movie
7,It's not a movie with such a high rating. It's worth seeing
10,A movie where you can feel the warmth...  That's good.
1,This isn't it... It was okay in the beginning. And lastly
10,I can't believe you're pulling tears out of my eyes
10,a tearfully beautiful film
10,It's a good movie that warms my heart. I'm going to try to be like your parentsI strongly recommend it
10,Did you really like it? ♥?A movie that you can watch two or three times!
10,I shed tears of emotion for two hours. It was so warm and pure that everyone's heart was so touching even though they didn'touched.All the main characters are so lovely!!!
10,It's too damming. Make sure to watch it
10,It's a movie that touches children's emotions and family love It's a movie with a beautiful perspective that looks at the hardships of everyday life that can happen to anyone!  I want to see it again.
10,Too bad the number of theaters is so small.  This kind of movie should be a hit.
10,My eyes turned red throughout the movie.It was a heart-warming healing movie for the first time in a while!
10,It's so touching!
9,It's a good movie to watch with your family. I watched it with my elementary school kids
8,It's a movie about a disabled person living in a calm way. It depicts such a heartwarming world.
10,It was a warm movie that moved my heart after a long time.
9,Family movie recommendation~I like it's good
10,It was so touching. It was good
10,I liked the fact that I didn't miss "The Neighbor" in the movie. This kind of movie usually doesn't pay attention to 'the people around you'.
8,It's a calm but good movie.
9,It was a movie that made us happy together through directing from various perspectives. I recommend this movie to remind you of the importance of your family and friends
10,A movie that made me start the new year in a good mood. It's been a while since I saw a movie like this
9,The movie that I happened to see became a heartwarming movie that made me want to watch it again. It was really good
10,It was so touching that I cried the whole time I watched itI think it was good to be able to see from the perspective of some characters and not be bored but to know how they feelI was moved more than I thought and the words from the movie touched my heart a lot
10,A must-see movie. A really amazing movie
10,I strongly recommend it! I strongly recommend it!!Everyone in the world is enduring itEven the dog...Everyone who wants to love
10,It's a movie that shows why it has the highest rating
10,a heartwarming movie
10,A movie that's touching even if you watch it twice!
10,Highly recommended! Lovely stories of lovely characters
10,I feel like I'm getting warm comfort and strength during the cold winter♡Jack Will ♡♡♡
10,"I can't change my face.We have to change our perspective." A touching movie. I strongly recommend it.
10,It was the most impressive movie I've seen recentlyI really liked the heart-warming storyIt's a movie you should watch at least once
10,A movie that enables you to understand human life beyond touching
10,Make sure to watch a heart-warming movie
10,It's a better movie to watch with children
10,I really recommend it Listen to the children's stories of their own
10,It was the best movie ever. It was a beautiful movie where I went to see it without much expectation and got choked up several times and thought a lot about life after coming out.
10,A heartwarming family movie. Throwing a lot of things to think about
10,A family movie that everyone must watch. We're all special
9,Touching movie? I recommend it as a family movie
10,I'm proud of how each and every one of you grows and overcomes in your life.♡
8,A movie that will cheer you up when you watch it on a tough day!
10,It's a very healthy and heartwarming movie. I can't stop crying throughout the movie. It was a heart-healing movie because it was pure and deeply touching. ^^ Make sure you watch it
10,It's a really good piece of work.
7,It was easy. It was just a normal family movie or drama
10,It's fun and touching
10,My life movie. It's a beautiful movie that makes me smile. Take your handkerchief
10,I miss you. A touching story
8,I wanted to be a good person with 20OOO goal this year. I think I found my way.
9,I cried my eyes out It was touching and good
10,It will be a lovely movie of my life
10,I am glad that I saw this movie as my first movie of 20OOO. It's a warm movie to beat the cold winter. All the characters in the movie shine brightly. (Except for the Julian family.)
10,It's a moving and instructive movie. I think it'd be good for children to watch
10,This is my desire to give 20 points.
9,A heart-warming time with a miracle child
9,Everyone cried and everyone was happy
10,It's so touching that I can't say. I hope you can see it once.
10,I highly recommend a family growth movie.
1,It doesn't make any sense humanly to go beyond Shawshank's Escape
9,A proper family movie for the holidays.
10,A movie that many people want to see
10,It's a touching family drama.
10,There's another life movie. It's a movie that's touching and makes me think about a lot of things.
10,It was touching and I liked to deal with everyday things
10,I don't know why there are so many good movies these days. It was a beautiful movie that made me cry with warm and pleasant excitement.
10,It's such a sad movie that time goes by. It's a heartwarming movie that makes you want the story to continue
10,There's no need for words. Just look
8,A family movie that warms your heart. Two tears while watching it. I keep thinking of the word that we should look at differently.
10,The most heart-warming movie of the winter
10,Being able to give courage to everyone...It's a good movie
10,It's been a while since I watched a moving movie Hah!
10,I couldn't help but cry when I saw him overcome his disability and firmly overcome it at the end
8,It's such a lovely story. A movie that celebrates the end of the year!
10,What a warm movie! It's not a waste of money. Recommendation!
10,wonder???  more fun!!!
10,It's touching...crying
10,The sun cannot shine alone
10,Spotlight on all the characters! It was an opportunity for me to grow myself crying
10,It's a great movie. Time flew by.
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun and touching movie.It would be nice to watch it with your family. Especially with the kids who fight with their younger brother.
10,It's a great movie to watch with your family. I'm going home feeling warm ^^
10,It's so warm and touching
10,Everyone has a day that shines once The pain of the baby is slowly conveyed and tears are coming
10,It was the best movie of my life!
10,We don't have enough time for this fun movie!I strongly recommend it. It's really fun!It's a movie where you can learn touching and life lessons!!!!
10,I wonder if I dare to judge this movie.
10,It's a movie dedicated to all the families in Korea who have a hard life.Julia Roberts is a great actress.
10,There is nothing to throw away.  Each and every character is precious.
9,I think it's a touching and great movie.
10,It's the best movie ever. You should watch it
1,This isn't 9.44... Please adjust the score
10,This is what a movie is... Make sure you watch it
10,It's really wonderful. I can still feel the emotion of the movie.
10,Heartwarming family movies are all nice
10,A good movie with a beautiful composition.
10,The movie is sad because we understand and sympathize with each other.
10,It's so much fun and it's worth waking up early in the morning
10,I'm going to watch it again. It was touching
10,It's a movie that heals me all the whole time.I think this kind of movie is a real movie
10,a tearful love story of a warm family trying to free themselves from the prejudices of the world
10,It's warm. Difference is beauty.
8,I couldn't help but smile as I watched the overall perfection and the still regret of the beneficial-dramatic approach behind me. a loveable baby
10,Just looking. What a great and amazing power it has!
10,I'm really curious that there's a mess in America
10,I want to give you at least 100 stars But it's sad that there aren't many theaters showing it
10,It's so warm. It's fun
10,A masterpiece! Everyone can relate to it. I'm reflecting on my life
9,It's like Forest Gump
9,It was a really touching movie I think it's a good movie to watch with your family I don't know what true beauty is. What is true courage and the conditions of a friend in this world? I think it was a movie that taught me a lesson
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie with my family
10,A movie where everything was good. The whole family was moved on January 1st. I think it's time for a 10-year-old son and a 7-year-old daughter to think about each other.
10,It's so touching and fun^^
9,There aren't many theaters... Hahaha
10,I saw it yesterday and it was the best movie I saw last year. It was so warm and I was happy!I really recommend it!!!
10,The best movie of the year
10,The kids were so pretty.I think it is a movie that I realized a lot that my eldest son can overcome any hardship and adversity in my parents' love.The innocent feelings of the young friends were so good to see.It was so touching.It's so nice to start the new year with this movie
10,I hope everyone watches this movie A really warm movie
8,I recommend it as a family movie^^
9,It's a masterpiece with the actors' long acting skills
10,I guess he cried 5 times while watching me. He's so into it and he recommends watching it
10,This year's movie was the most fun
10,I liked the way it was reflected fairly from the perspective of the characters who appeared
9,a heartwarming movie
10,Tears kept falling from the start to the end of the movie. It's a really good movie that you can relate to the emotions of each character. It's by far the best movie in recent releases.
10,It's really great Words of comfort cheered me up
10,You and the kids are so cuteI never get bored Make sure you watch it
10,It's really touching. The best human drama I've seen recently
10,The best movie of my life...
10,The best movie of 2017 to me...
9,It was nice to be warm and light on each other's positions
10,A movie that's touching but also telling you that you might be discriminating
10,It was good. I had a lot more fun watching and crying than with God Oh my god
9,The warmest gift box I got at the beginning of the year
10,It was a movie where I could get a calm impression with my family at the end of the year!
10,The only thing that's disappointing is the small number of theaters. Another movie of my life worth 100 points
9,A heart-warming movie...
10,It's my first time getting a star. I was happy to finish this year with this movie. It's my favorite movie
10,It's my first time to leave a movie review. I'm going to watch it with my mom again. Thank you for making such a heart-warming movie.
10,Right or kind?Kindness! I wish there was a teacher like this in real life
10,The most heartwarming movie I've seen this year is heartwarming
1,There are so many unnecessary scenes and it's a boring movie
10,Tears and runny nose are all gone.
1,I can't remember anything because I slept while watching it
10,I've been looking forward to it since the previewI was deeply moved for a while in my seat after the movie was over Thank you for making a good movie It's the best.
9,It's been a long time since I paid for the ticket. It's so touching
10,It's such a nice and pretty movie *_* Thank you for crying and laughing. How long will Julia Roberts be pretty? I hope everyone has seen this movie Crying
10,It's not because I'm sad. It's just a movie that makes me cry
9,A warm and kind movie. It's nice to see you with your year-end family
8,It's the most worth seeing out of all the movies that have been released!
8,I watched it without any expectations and it made me emotional
10,All the actors in the movie that made me feel the warmth of my empty heart are so cool!
10,This kind of movie needs to be popular :)
9,What a lovely movie.
8,I'm happy that this is the last movie I'm watching in 2017
10,It's a warm and nice movie.I recommend it
9,Good. All the characters are alive and the content is neither too much nor too little.
10,I hope everyone can watch the movie again
10,I enjoyed watching it with the kids.
10,I hope Jacob Tremblay's future doesn't resemble McCurry Culkin's present
10,I'm already focusing on it
9,It was good. It's a dream family
9,The meticulousness that doesn't throw away a character ^^
10,A movie for a daughter and son-in-law who just became parents
10,There is no need for words. most perfect film of 2017
9,I cried a lot. My mom's acting was the best
10,It's a movie that doesn't break the prejudice and melts it carefully!
10,I want to give 20 out of 10.You are a WONDER!We are a WONDER too!!
3,It's a poster like this. "Begin Again" or "ONCE"
9,It's a great movie to watch with kids^^
10,It's a miracle movieI recommend it
8,It's a movie that's worth watching
10,Everyone has their own story. I hope everyone knows that story
10,Characters who are alive?It was a warm and grateful story
10,I'm leaving the movie theater so happily^^
9,It's coming out of the rating...
10,Touching... I'm touched
10,Please show them a fine film
10,The best growth movie!!!!
10,I hope it'll be shown a lot.It was a good movie that was warm and learned a lot after a long time.
10,I strongly recommend it! I hope you all watched it
10,I lost track of time.
10,The audience seemed to have cried in unison throughout the whole time.
10,It's my first time using this. I personally think it was a movie that resonated so much that it made me write this. I liked the natural story development without causing forced laughter or tears. I think it's a movie that gives comfort and advice that fits each person's situation.
10,It was a heart-warming family movie. I highly recommend it ^^ I didn't cry as much as I thought.
10,It's such a warm year-end movie! Strongly recommend
9,My face flooded with tears
10,It was the best movie to celebrate the end of the year.I go to Chimaekha with my girlfriend thinking about her cute space suit
10,It's so much fun and makes me think a lot.^
10,Movies should watch movies like this!!!a moving and lesson-learned film
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I hope everyone has seen this movie That's how touching it is and it's a movie you'll regret if you
10,I watched it with my 3rd grade son and 1st grade daughter. My son was so focused that he watched it. A drama with laughter and emotion...It's a rare movie these days. I think it's a movie that captured both education and interest. It was a proud day because I chose a good movie!
10,It was a heartwarming movie.
10,It's not worth the money. It's not worth it
10,It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie I strongly recommend it
10,It's a movie that combines fun and touching beats. I strongly recommend it!
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase... And I hope everyone will watch Wonder and wrap up the year warmly.
10,I'm going to watch it twice. It's a really good movie
10,The best movie of the year! There were a lot of parents who brought their kids. It's a great movie to watch with your family. I'm so touched
10,It's so nice. The lines from the movie make my heart cry
10,This movie will make life very happy
10,It's a movie that touches your emotions in a calm and pretty way
10,I really lost track of time
10,The best! The best! The movie that makes you happy all the time
10,I didn't want this movie to end. I missed you for 10 hours.
10,You should watch a movie like this in the theater.
9,I want to let my children take care of a school with these teachers!
10,It's a heart-warming movie!
10,Everyone in this movie was the main character. It's been a long time since I cried because I was touched.
10,Everything is literally the best movie of your life. I sincerely thank the director for giving me this precious time to learn. A movie to recommend to everyone in the world
10,It's my first time to use it on NAVER's movie evaluation. Please watch itHahaha
10,A movie that you want to keep taking out when your life is tiring
10,It was a great movie to watch with the children.It's warm and touching.Make sure to watch it! ^^
7,a film of unhyped calm emotion
9,It's a very moving movie
10,It's the best movie of my life. Seriously.
9,It would have been much better to call the film title "Eargh"
8,I saw it on the day it was released.  Kindness is the best♡ It's getting warm
10,Touching and hopeful 부모 The role as a parent is great.I respect you.
10,I think it's the best movie of the year.
10,I dreamt of a world where children grow up beautifully and healthy without prejudice
9,1THE is "Wonder"!
10,I can't believe I'm not showing such a good movie
10,A really good movie that parents must watch and envy their educational environment and educational philosophy.
10,Tears of emotion. This year's best movie that warms up the hearts of all families
10,A movie that warms your heart in the winter! I strongly recommend it
10,Watching a good movie makes me feel good.The whole world looks beautiful and I'm excited on my way home. It's been a while since I watched a movie. It was a good movie.
8,It is a healing movie that solves problems that anyone can experience at least once in their childhood and adolescence with warm eyes.
8,all sorts of beautiful eyes
10,A healing movie. A movie that makes you cherish the people of the state once again
10,I saw JoJo and it was good and touching to tell the story from the perspective of not only the main character but also the various children.  I cried the whole time
1,A heartwarming and warm movie...
10,It's a really warm and touching movie. I think each other's emotions are well.
10,It's a shame that only four of us can see such a masterpiece at the theater
8,I should've seen Wonder twice when I was with God
10,I recommend it. It was the bestcrying
10,Everyone deserves a round of applause at least once.
10,It's a must-see movie of my life.
10,It was a great movie. I hope you all watch it. I think the movie evoked my thoughts  Please watch it.
7,A warm and caring gaze comes to me pleasantly.
10,This is the number one movie that I really need to keep!
10,It's full of fun and touching moments
10,It's really crazy...I cried about 20 minutes after the movie startedIt's like a perfect movie!Make sure you watch it I don't regret it
9,A heartwarming movie for December
9,Our daily lives that endure under the principle of appearanceism
10,It steadily builds up the story and gives an impression that is not new at all. The story of all the characters as well as the main character is harmonized
10,I didn't expect much. I was so touched
10,My favorite movie. You should watch it.
8,I'm so touched that I can let go of this coldness!
9,Some other movie that just isn't.
10,Thank you. Very good
10,It's such a clear and clean movie. Not a single place is warm. It's a really miraculous movie. I recommend it.
10,I think the best movie I've seen this year is very awesome
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a great movie
10,Good. Make sure you watch it with your family
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it with your family!
7,It's a movie that's interesting like a novel so that each character's point of view is not boring! It's a movie that you can share with your loved ones at the end of the year^^ Makes the New Year lively
10,It was a touching and touching movie
9,I recommend a moving movie that's natural
10,It was a heart-warming movie It's a really touching movie
10,It's a wonder that's deeply moving.All the characters are great.It's a movie that you won't regret
10,It's a good movie that teaches adults a lesson It was great.
8,Touching! A movie where you can think of yourself while watching it
10,It's a touching movie with a special and beautiful story! It makes me think about my loved ones around me again! Thank you for the good movie!
10,It was touching.
10,It was fun! It was such a warm movie
8,It's so touching^^
9,I'm so touched. It's so much fun
10,I watch it lightly and go out happily. :) I strongly recommend it!
9,I've been thinking about a lot of things.The movie that makes me feel...It's a good movie
10,Everyone has a reason. A movie that tells us that no one is wrong from the beginning and that nothing is more meaningless than the word ordinary. I wanted to be a good friend.
10,It was a very meaningful movie Highly recommended
10,Enjoy a good movie thanks to my daughter ♥
10,"Be Kind to All Who Have A Hard Fight" was a movie that allowed me to think about mediocrity and unusualness. I want many adults to watch this movie
10,I came to see it with my child.  It's so much fun. I really want to recommend it Haha~~^^
10,The most touching movie of the year! Thumbs up!
10,It's fun. I recommend it as an end of the year movie
7,They're so cute
9,It was so good! It's a story about the growth of fish that's touching! You can also feel the stories of people around you as well as the fish! It's a shame that the book was abbreviated because it was the original.Haha
9,The wise sayings are touching. Everything in the world is a miracle
10,It's fun! It's a movie that warms up the end of the year
10,I wanted to clap together at the end of the movie~~ A movie that everyone in the family should watch ^^*
10,I just saw the preview. It's a touching family movie It's a movie where you can look at and think about the disabled.
10,Make sure to watch it! It's touching and healing
10,Best movie of the year!!!
10,I want to see the best movie of the year again
10,A totally warm movie! It's perfect to watch at the end of the year. It's comical!
10,It was a really touching movie and it made me feel a lot.
10,It's really the best! They're so pretty
8,Thank you for the warm movie!
10,A movie that makes you look back on your life!
10,It's a heartwarming movie!!!I was able to see and learn a lot from children!
10,It was fun! It's a movie that conveys my heart
8,familiar but happy circumstances
9,Every line is so cute
10,It's a movie with no stars. I saw the best movie at the end of 2017!
10,It's a movie full of fun and touching moments
10,The movie gives me courage
10,A movie like a miracle that gives you happiness
10,It was a touching movie that gave courage and hope to people with disabilities^^ I recommend this movie to many people
10,My eyes are burning. It's touching.
10,It's touching. The wise sayings touched my heart
9,It's nice. The composition is unique
10,The movie of my life. I loved it
10,I was touched. Everything was the best
10,The movie is full of pure and lovely children! The role of a warm family that embraces the main character with love stands out!
10,a film of appropriate fun and emotion
10,It's as fun as I expected~~
9,Let's take care of our marginalized neighbors.
10,It's a very moving movie  ^^
10,A boy with a deformed face and his family gave him an amazing robber
8,I don't think there's a need to shrink because not only your appearance but also your personality and values are different from others.Fighting!
9,It was good that the process of unraveling the story was not simple.
10,It's touching. I almost cried in between.I like warm stories
10,That's so cuteHaha
10,I've been waiting for this movie crying
7,A warm fairy tale to watch at the end of the year
10,"Be kind to all who fight hard."
9,I can't forget the feeling of deep emotionI recommend you to watch it
10,I hope you watch itRunning shoes as beautiful as Julia Roberts' smile
10,It's a movie that I want to watch with my parents again XD
10,It was a movie like Hot Cocoa that melted the cold weather. I hope this good movie will be more successful!
10,It was a healing and heartwarming movie in this cold winter. Watching the movie made me happy♥
10,Watch the movie at Sangsang Madang before it opens
10,I watched it in the first row of my room and downloaded it from NAVER. It was so sad It was fun
10,It was so touching^^ Tears welled up while watching a movie~~~~
10,Thank you for letting Korea be where it is now
10,This is a real touching movie.
7,It's the best moving movie... Why isn't this movie a hit in Korea?
10,I'm touched. The sea of tears
10,Tears... It's hard to hold it in
10,It's so touching. I enjoyed it
10,I cried a lot. I didn't know it was real
10,This movie needs to be re-released It's so sad that the fact that I couldn't see this kind of movie in the theater didn't become an issue
10,A movie that I regretted not seeing at the theater when it was released
10,I don't know how much I cried. It's a movie that I'm thankful for telling us about the historical facts that we didn't It's amazing that there's a true story like this. I'm tearing up even when I see it again. It's brilliant!
4,You haven't looked for it for 60 years now?  Can I call him a real father?
9,Back up. Tears welled up
10,I found out after watching the first row of the room. It's a work that I hope will be well known.
10,It's such a moving movie that I can't watch it properly because my tears cover my eyes
10,It's been a long time since I was so immersed in a movie. I cried a lot in the second half.
9,It was a movie that made me think a lot while watching it with my family. It reminds me of my grandfather. I recommend you to watch it.
10,I can't believe this is real. I just cried
10,Don't forget Turkey. Turkish actors are so good at acting.
10,It's a movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings. It's making me sad. Thank you Turkey...
10,It was a long separation for you two.I wish I could have met you earlier.
10,Thank you Turkey. Many people want to see this movie.
10,It was so touching I cried so much that I'm worried about tomorrow
10,A movie that touched my heart and gave me a message
10,It was so touching and I enjoyed it
10,My eyes are puffy because I cry so much
10,I am so touched and sad that this happened in the history of Korea and Turkey The last scene is amazing. Ankara. Ankara
10,I cried the whole time I watched it.
10,I love this movie. The whole family watched it together and laughed a lot. I shed tears
10,I can't believe a Turkish movie stimulated my tear glands like this.I strongly recommend this movie!
10,A must-see movie in life... What a warm and moving masterpiece.
10,It's my favorite movieTurkey is a country of brothers
10,Thank you very much. :-)
10,I saw such a good movie now. I watched it four times and I really liked the acting of the child and the Turkish father. It's more touching because it's a true story. The story and acting are the best.
10,It's a moving film to thank the Turks back in those days.
10,I found out by chance and recommended it to my family and showed it to them. I watched real-life videos...I'm so touched and thankful!
10,I can't express it in words The movie I watched with tears in my eyes. "I'll be back."
10,Thank you.I won't forget.
2,I listened to Arirang for 24 hours after watching this movie
10,Why did the movie get smeared?
10,I came to think again about the forgotten war in time!It was a time to look back on myself who is happy now I was very touched!!Thank you.
10,Today is Memorial Day and I watched the movie through TV program introduction. I can't stop crying.
10,It's touching. Why did you watch it now?
10,It's so touchingI'm sorry I didn't know that
10,Why is this movie buried?
10,There's no need for words. the most touching moment
10,Make sure! Make sure! Look.
10,It's a touching movie. I cried.
10,It's the best. I'm touched.I've seen documentaries.
10,Thank you so much Turkish soldiers. It's a moving movie.
9,the warmth of a soldier in the tragedy of war  There are times when paternal love is stronger than maternal love
10,It's more touching because it's a true story.
10,A movie that really touches the heart of the Korean War.A movie that makes you feel a lot these days when history is being distorted.Why is it not known only in Korea?
9,I cried a lot after a long time no see
10,all I can think of is thank you
10,I hope the tragedy of the Korean War doesn't happen again
10,True love is giving without thinking about what to receive. It was a movie that reminded me of.
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,I didn't expect much. I think it would have been fun if I did It's a really fun and touching movie.
10,It was so humanly touching.
10,It's touching. I recommend it
10,It's so touching Your acting is amazing
10,It was so touching and I cried while watching it. It's the best movie ever
10,It's a touching movieI strongly recommend a movie that makes your heart full
10,I have a movie of my lifeI couldn't stop crying and I felt emotional. I hope it will be known to more people and shown in theaters
10,A movie that I want all Koreans to watch!
10,Thank you to the Turks
10,I never knew there was a movie like this. It's a movie that I hope you all watch. I hope you do it a lot on TVHaha
1,The rating is too high. It's not in the 9-point range.
10,It's been a long time since I cried a lot
10,I was so touched that I waited for the rerun. Thank you so much.
10,This movie should be widely known
8,You should show a movie like this.
10,The whole family must watch this. They must watch this
10,I'm so touched. I'm tearing up
10,Stop searching and watch it
10,It's so touching. I can't believe it's a real story.
10,It's so touching. There was a sense of brotherhood.Thank you so much to Turkey for helping our country.
10,I made it well. It's touching
10,I hope that people with tears will watch just by summarizing it
10,Why did I watch such a moving movie now!!!! Make sure to watch it. It's so beautiful and sad
10,A movie that doesn't need words.
10,It's my first time writing a review This is a must-see movie
10,Thank you...It's so touching and I won't forget it
10,It's so touching.  It's a sad and beautiful video.
10,I am indescribably grateful to all the veterans who sacrificed for our country.And thank you to the movie staff who made this movie.
10,I recommend it as a masterpiece a fresh crop
10,It's so sentimental
10,It was a really touching movie.
10,I'm touched just by the YouTube review. Good!
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this masterpiece. I think those critters are watching movies with red eyes. Unfortunate.
10,I'm tearing up. It's really...
10,The movie is so good A movie like a movie
10,an infatuated film A movie that I want to share with my family and people around me. A movie that makes you realize that you are grateful for the peace and freedom you enjoy now.
10,I cried a lot.That's the best movie I've seen recently
10,I don't need to say anything.Make sure to watch it. It's touching
10,It was more touching and touching because it was a true storycrying
10,I leave a rating that I don' It's a sad movie because it's a true story. I cried a lot before I left.
10,I couldn't help but leave a rating after seeing this. So I left a rating for the first time
10,It's my favorite movie. It's so touching and it's a good story that I remember for a long time.
1,I don't know why I have a high GPA.
9,The tears that I held back burst at the last real meeting
10,I don't know why this movie didn't become an issue. I recommend you to watch it. It is a movie that warms up the love of many veterans and special fathers who sacrificed for other countries. What a true story. You have to watch it. I strongly recommend it.
8,a touching story more than a movie
1,Kentucky Fried Chicken
8,Bae Jung Nam is good at acting in Turkish
10,It is a very moving movie.I watched it while crying...
10,It's a heart-warming and heart-warming movie that brings tears and emotions throughout the six steps
10,I cried my eyes out throughout the movie It's a very moving movie. It leaves a big impression
10,It's such a touching movie
10,It's such a touching true story
10,I think it will be remembered as a movie of my life.
10,Humanity and love beyond time and space...
10,Touching... Touching again...  It's been a while since I saw a luxury movie.
10,Tears welled upIt was so touchingI'll never forget the Turkish veteransThank you. Thank you
10,Your acting was good. Ayala and the Turkish guy's acting was good
10,It was the best until the end It's going to last long
10,It was so fun and touching.
10,It's actress Kim Seol... Really... It's so cool that he memorizes lines and acts like this. I'm so curious about what he's going to do in the future
10,I cried a lot. It's a great movie
10,Tears for the first time in a while.I watched a movie with a runny nose. Good
10,It's amazing that it's based on a true story. I'm so thankful and thankful. I won't forget.
10,It's my favorite movie. Turkey... Thank you It makes my heart warm
10,I'm so sorry I didn't get to see this movie in theaters. Thank you to all the veterans
10,Let's be nice to the Turks
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,It was a great movie. Watch it twice
10,It's a movie that will be remembered forever!
10,It's the best. I really want to go to TurkeyThank you for making this movie
10,Thank you for keeping your promise with the country.
10,I have never been to a country. Thank you for protecting Korea that day
10,A movie that you regret if you don't watch it. I really recommend it
10,It's good to look at. It's warm
10,I cried for a year Turkish soldiers angels
10,I'm even more touched that it's a true story
10,Make sure to watch it!
7,The story of a good young man who takes care of a poor baby in Manlyta. Kim Seol's fatal cuteness! The Turkish soup that you can see here and there is a disadvantage.
10,A movie that lacks 10 points! The main character was Shuleiman himself. The best movie!
10,The story that we need to know and remember
10,It's the best. I really recommend it
10,Something like a movie actually happened. Thank you. I'm touched.
10,We are what we are because they are they.
10,I just got to know you guys who crossed the line
9,It's a good movie. I'm touched by springEveryone is one
10,My heart is so warm that I want to go to Turkey
10,It's so much fun. You should watch it
10,It's impossible not to cry over this movie
8,It is very grateful that Turkey is a brother...^&^
10,I was grateful for Turkey and couldn't see it without tears. It's a movie that made me so happy and happy.
1,A low-budget movie. a burst of laughter
10,I cried and cried the whole time.It's a must-see movie for Koreans.Thank you to all the soldiers who protected Korea.
10,It is more touching because it is a true story and I want all the people around the world to watch it at least once
10,Thank you again
10,I strongly recommend it. Thank you Turkey
8,I won't forget you guys.
10,It is such a moving movie.I had no choice but to cry at the time of separation and my heart ached.I loved the acting of the main characters and the movie that I chose as the second masterpiece of my life
1,It's so boring. Everything is like a third-rate movie.
10,yes
10,I'm so thankful that you told a true story in a movie. I'm happy to be able to feel the things that happened in personally. I'm thankful that Turkey helped our country like this. My father's love for Ayla is so touching. I don't think anyone will regret watching this movie. I strongly recommend that you watch it before you die.
10,Their sacrifice and help should always be remembered.And thank you
10,It was really good. I want to see you again
10,I finally saw it. This kind of movie needs to be known and shown a lot. It hasn't been shown for long eitherWe should not forget that there were soldiers from other countries who helped us in the past that we have now and we can enjoy all of this development. Thank you for the courage you have devoted to other countries at a young age.
6,A perfect score simply for the public and a zero for the audience of the movie. The content is not bad because it is a simple reconstruction of a true story. But it's not so good as a movie.
10,I looked up MBC Special It's touching.Thank you to all the Turkish war heroes who spent a month young and sacrificed their lives in other countries
10,I really focused from the beginning to the end.Totally touched
10,Korea exists today because all the countries that participated in the war. Thank you.
10,It's sad and the time we spent together is beautiful
10,Turkey is our brother!
10,I will buy a lot of Turkish ice cream...
10,I was moved and happy in the last scene
10,The last one was so touching.
10,It was a touching movie
8,How can I love you like my biological parents with a relationship that I met for a short time?It was so touching that I would miss and keep my promise for the rest of my life.
10,Why didn't many people watch this good movie?
10,I didn't even know this movie was in the world until I saw the YouTube review
10,It's been a while since I cried my eyes out
10,Thank you. I'll remember that
10,I'm tearing up
10,I cried more because it was a true story. I'm touched
10,It's my life movie. Make sure you watch it. It's so touching
10,The child actor's acting is no joke.
10,I cried my eyes out.War hurts so much anywhere in the world.Thank you to all the countries that participated in the war for helping our country achieve well so far. Thank you Turkey more for this movie!
10,I'm so touched
10,It's better than a parasite. I'll give you 10 points first
10,It's so touching.
10,Thank you. Thank you
10,What a moving movie!I should thank the Turkish country and the people!
10,It's all comic and touching It's a perfect
10,It's a must-see movie at this time of year
10,I'm touched. I watched it with Sunny
10,Thank you. Thank you.
10,This is our true brother... The humanity beyond that...
10,It's been a long time since I watched a touching movie. I'm crying endlessly Make sure to watch it
10,It warms my heart.
10,History should be remembered.
10,I was so moved that I cried while watching it. Thank you ♥♥♥
10,It's an unforgettable movie.
10,Why are you so sad? I enjoyed watching it
10,I watched it with tears in my eyes. It was so touching that I could not forget and miss war orphans in other countries all my life
10,the love of mankind in warThank you to everyone who made me feel the warmth with my whole body.
1,Put subtitles on Korean actors' lines. I don't understand what they're saying
10,I hope more people can see it
10,It's so touching. It's a must-see movie.
10,a love between father and daughter beyond nationalityIt's not a forced story. It's so catchy. Look at it if you haven't seen it Certainly
10,I'm so touched. Thank you to Turkey
10,It's just plain. But why can't I stop crying? Thank you so much for participating in the war without hesitation in a foreign land far away from home to see even if your family lives. The 34th place match of the 2002 World Cup was so touching.
10,A movie that Koreans must watch before they die
10,hizmetiniz i?in te?ekk?r ederim
10,It is a very moving movie
10,The movie was fun and touching.Long live Turkey! Thank you!
10,Turkey. Thank you and I don't forget.
10,A movie you can't watch without tears
10,Human love is love.I hope you prepare your handkerchief and get ready
10,I was moved and wept throughout the show. I'll never forget it. Thank you.
10,Let's forget the soldiers who died for a strange country. Thank you.
10,Papa... I can't forget that word.
10,I'm tearing up just by looking at the preview. I'm scared to watch it.
10,It's a movie that I cried a lot after a long timeI found out through this movie that Turkey participated first.  I guess journalists and critics do it.
10,58481002556 It was just the best movie.
10,It's a touching piece that shows the patriotism of God  It's a movie that the whole family should watch together for educational purposes  It's a touching piece that children and adults have to learn a lot from
10,The true story is more touching than the novel
10,It's such a touching movieMy heart that's making me sad.
10,It's a very touching movie. A movie that I want to show you.
10,There's no need for wordsLook.
10,The reason why I'm crying is because people in Turkey were like brothers in our country Touching ^^
10,Touching movie. It's even more sad to hear that it's a true story.I strongly recommend it.
10,It's such a sad and touching movie. I can't believe it's a true story. I cried a lot while watching the movie.
6,There is no meaningful movie or fun about portraying the humanity of the Korean War. I think the shooting went well. Let's not forget the painful part of our country's history.
10,Touching and touching...I wanted to remember it as a brother's country for a long time
10,The group that likes this movie the most is a man in his 30s.Most of the people who cried over the reviews here are men in their 30s like me.I'm glad I wasn't the only one who cried
10,I'm touched by the Turkish love!
10,It's a touching true story. It remains a famous line that promises must be kept.
10,Making a moving story into a movie
10,I cried a lot because I was empathized even though I didn't break up with my family.
10,I flew from the other side of the earth and found a Korean orphan that I had never seen before. Thank you so much for your warm hands. I won't forget it I love you.
10,A movie that was both sad and gloomy. I hope there's no war again.
10,I didn't even think about it.
10,Wow... I've never cried watching a movie
10,I'm touched. Shouldn't we give him an award?
10,South Korea and Turkey. And I pray for the prosperity and peace of the United Nations warring nations who participated in the war to protect democracy
10,I'm so touched It's the best movie everIt made my heart cry even more because you did such a good job. Thank you
10,Turkey is the first country to come to our country when requesting support for the Korean War. Don't forget.
10,Open Distance: Why Account for Harvard in France?
1,This is not a true story as the video of the North Korean military slaughtering civilians comes out from the beginning.
10,This is what a movie is like! It is more meaningful that it is a foreign movie set in our country.
10,Wow... the last war orphans 1xxx and then 1.5 million in Turkey... Adoption... Wow... Skipping the country... We're in sync.
10,I really focused and enjoyed it It's so touching that it's a true story. I think it'll be a memorable moviecrying
10,Ayla is the best war movie ever. It's love.
10,It's a really touching movie. It's a shame I couldn't see it in the theater. It's a master
10,It's so touching  Turks...
10,I don't know what to say.What's certain is that it's one of the top three movies of my life.
1,Don't trust NAVER's rating
10,Turkey also wears rubber shoes backwards
10,That's a really good movie. It's more touching because it's a true story.
10,a disaster in the history of Korea for five thousand years the People's Republic of Korea Many souls were hurt by their brutality. And here's the pain of a soft girl we didn't know. But the cumulative number of visitors... It is a pity that mass-production films of "Pyeonghwa Propagation" are filmed millions afterwards. I can't believe this movie is a red herring.
10,The most memorable moment was when Ayla started talking
10,We must not forget all those who have made noble sacrifices for our country.
10,I can't get tired of it. It's a touching movie
10,Thank you to all the countries that helped the Korean War And thank youThe movie is so touching. Make sure to watch it!
10,It was so touching and I enjoyed it was fun.I hope to make a lot of movies like this kind of movie
10,Thank you and thank you.We are here because of your sacrifice. I won't forget.  Thank you ....
10,It's my life's work without saying much. I'm glad I watched this movie while I was alive.
10,I hope you watch it. It's really touching.
10,It's so touching. Thank you to all the countries that helped us
10,Thank you. Thank you
10,Thank you. Grab your collar and get 10 points
10,Turkey brother!!
10,It was touching. It was sad
10,It's a movie that has to be re-released and popular
10,I'm so touched.Tears
10,It's a highly praised movie. Very artistic lessons and touching
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,I will never forget how grateful I am to the Turkish warriors who protected our country. I hope more people will watch this movie!
10,I've never expected such a happy ending while watching a movie. It desperately captures the love between two countries between two generations that cannot be harmonized.
10,The best sensitivity story!
10,It's the best movie of my life Thank you.
10,I really cried a lot. . I'm so touched. Why didn't I meet you two earlier? God is indifferent. He's so affectionate. Oh... Maybe it's because he's a different religion.
10,Thank you. Thank you Korail
10,I'm so touched!
10,The emotions I endured at the last ending credit burst out.
10,It was the best movie full of humanity It's a movie full of love and emotion. It's a movie that taught me what love is
10,Why don't people know such a perfect work!!! It was so touching.
2,It's a very long surprise
7,It was touching.Turkey is a brother
10,The movie that my mom would like warms my heart
10,It's sadder and more touching
10,I cried a lot because I was in the position of a father with two daughters
10,It's an amazing movie. I can't believe it's real
10,A really funny movie...
10,It's a really touching movie.I need to be nice to Turkish people
10,It's so touching. Don't forget our history
10,It's so touching. It's fun.
10,It's a touching story of crying and laughing.
10,Thank you. I can't get over it
10,It's a war that shouldn't have happened. It's a love of humanity that was conceived in line.
10,It's the best movie no matter how many times I watch it
10,It is my life movie.Make sure to watch it.
10,It's so touching. I think more people should watch this movie
10,It's the best. It's my first time getting a rating
10,I think it's a movie that all Koreans should watch.War must never happen again.
10,Turkey is a brother. It's really touching. I think I saw a movie that is really like a movie this year.
10,It's so touching and it's like a true story
1,I'll give you 1 point to get the average score
10,It's a masterpiece. I highly recommend it to those who haven't seen it.
10,I really like movies.
10,Thank you! Thank you again!
10,Make sure you watch it... Make sure to watch it. Please watch it again I'll say this for the last time Make sure to watch it.
10,Why did I watch such a good movie now? leave a lingering impression
7,I'm so sleepy.
10,Thank you. Thank you very much. This movie made me realize why war should disappear from this land and what is peace and love. I don't put the meaning of this movie on paternal love or touching true story.I want people all over the world to be alert to war and cry for peace.
10,I can't stop crying. It is one of the best movies of 2018. Critics have so many pro-North Korean critics. I understand the rating.
10,Movies that you want to recommend to others
10,A movie that learns the true cruelty of North Korea. Heartbreak doesn't go away after seeing it.
10,Tears welled up...crying
10,It's a true story. It's heart-warming. Stormy tears
9,I just saw it. Overlapped with the kids who went to Poland
10,A movie that Koreans should watch.
9,I'm glad I met you. It is all the more touching because the movie is based on a true story.I'm glad to see you again alive.We spent a year together and missed 60 years...Just thinking about it makes my heart ache...
10,My favorite movie...I wiped my nose so much that it stings
10,I can't believe it's based on a totally touching reality
10,I cried. Thank you. :)
10,I pay my respects to Shuleiman's Korean daughter
10,Best movie of the year. It's the best ever
10,I hope you can watch a lot of movies like this in theaters
10,It's a story that makes me think about humanity again. It's touching
8,Park Pyungsik's review is "Daehan News" style trash review
10,I am very moved because I am reminded of my gratitude to Turkey and the movie is based on a true story. I strongly recommend it.
9,It is one of the top three war movies of all time. I cried my eyes out.
10,I can't believe Korea has changed like this. This was the most impressive line.
10,It's so touching.Let's all remember
10,OOO in our theater knows how to play idol bad acting movies and nothing to do. I just found out while watching YouTube. Is this promotion for real?
10,It's the best movie ever Make sure to watch it
10,Why isn't this working? You don't even know if there's a movie like the ocean in the ocean
10,It's really touching. It's amazing that it's a true story
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that's like a movie
10,It's a masterpiece. The best movie ever
10,Why we should not forget Turkey
10,That's cool. It's touching.
9,I'm so touched. Please watch it
10,It was touching  I'm crying
10,Actor Kim Seol is seriously cute...
10,It is a very good movie. It's the first movie that I've used for more than 10 years on NAVER but left a rating.
10,A good movie... "Roll."
10,It's touching. I'm touched
9,It was touching based on a true story
10,Thank you. I was moved by the fact that they made this kind of movie.
10,I cried like crazy
5,I'm not an inhuman person. It's a bit childish
10,It's so sad and touching...
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It's a movie that captures both emotion and fun. Thank you and thank you to the Turkish warriors.
1,It's really bad. Kids are kids.
6,I'm really bad at making movies
10,마지막에 I cried a lot at the end crying
10,I can't believe it was a true story.I was so emotional.
10,It's so touching ^^^^!
10,I couldn't stop crying in the last scene
10,It's a must-see movie.
10,I went to the multipurpose room and cried because I was afraid I would get caught crying. Watch it. Watch it twice
10,I cried a lot. It's my favorite movie
10,I cried a lot. Nam Joo's acting is so good. Please rate it. It's a must-see movie
4,Turkish version of '60s anti-public film
10,A movie that Koreans should watch... Thank you to the Turks.
10,Thank you so much for making a good movie
10,It's my first time to get a movie evaluationThank you for making the movie
10,I paid for the TV and watched it. I should have watched it earlier. I wonder why I watched it now. It's so touching
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
10,A must-see movie!You'll regret it if you don't watch it
10,The emotion of the real story makes my heart overflow!
10,What words do we need? I really recommend it
10,I felt sorry and thankful for Turkey from the start to the end of the movie. And I really want to recommend this movie to many people
10,I watched a movie.I was so touched!
10,I hope many people watch it  Thank you for the good movie
10,Please enjoy it. I'm so moved that I'm crying all night
10,I don't understand why the box office didn't work
10,It was so touching to see you again at the end! Ankara! Ankara! It's addictive
10,I'm so touched. Thank you to the Turks at that time
10,It was a country of brothers since Goguryeo. I should've seen it at the theater. That's too bad
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie.Thank you.
10,It's real. It'sweet story.
10,Turkey is the director who made a good movie?We should have made itI'm embarrassed that I feel like I'm being helped after all these years
10,It's the best... why we need to look back at history
9,Thank you very much to the veterans.I will pray that you two will meet again as father and daughter in the next life and spend more time together.
10,I sincerely thank him for practicing humanity in the war. I feel grateful again for Turkey. I understand why it's a brother's country.
10,Touching tears. This is the movie
10,It's such a touching true story.I like my brother Turkey.I should eat chewy Turkish ice cream today
10,It's really touching. Thank you for having warm-hearted people.
10,It's so touching. It's the best
10,It's really touching. Kim Seol's acting is impressive. It's a shame that such a movie is neglected because there are no theaters. Turkey is a brother country.
10,It's a pity that such a good movie didn't secure many theaters. It's my life movie
10,It's been years since I've seen a 10-point movie.
10,I cried a lot because I was so sad
10,It's so sad and touching. I'll remember Turkey.
10,I'm touched. Thank you to everyone.
10,It's really the best. It's my first time getting a rating of $ after watching a movie
10,It's too late to watch such a gem-like movie.I'm glad that Ayla and Papa could meet even though it's late.I wish we had met earlier
10,Make sure to watch it! Elementary school!I watched it with the middle school kids.It's so touching
10,It's the best! You'll see when you see it.
10,Be a warm father and uncle to war orphans.I wish I'd met you sooner."Daddy lives to keep promises with children." It took me a long time to keep promises and I was moved by the beauty of them^^
10,It's a masterpiece with the best immersionIt's my first time leaving a comment
10,It's a very moving and good movie
10,It was warm the whole time I watched it
10,a movie that leaves a mark
10,It's a great movie. It's really great.
10,It's a true story. It's so touching
10,It's an amazing movie. Beyond the Best Touch
10,Thank you. Thank you. It's been a while since I've seen it to the end
10,It's really touching...I want a lot of people to see it
1,That's the worst. Too much emotion... Half of our people are already immersed in emotions
1,There are a lot of NAVER movie ratings. I turned it off in the middle.
10,Why can't this kind of movie get a lot of theaters? Korean movies that are trash can go to 5 million movie theaters...
10,It's so touching
10,A moving movie!  Turkey is a country of brothers. Thank you!
10,I watched it on the recommendation of an acquaintance. It's really fun
10,It's my first time to get a movie rating while using Naver.
10,I cried a lot in a long timecrying
10,I'm speechless.
10,I wish I could get rid of the critic's rating. In what capacity are you're a critic? He's just one of the visitors. What a critic.
1,This is the number one ranking?
10,It's so sad. It's a touching movie.
10,I strongly recommend it. It's a shame that it wasn't popular in Korea.
10,It was a good movie after a long time.
1,The rating is ridiculous. What is this? 9.5?
10,I cried so much. You're the best!
2,Why are there so many 10 points? Does that make sense? I didn't like this movie because it was contrived. This kind of movie has the highest rating? It's really funny.
10,It's a very moving and must-see movie
10,It's sad and beautiful.  It was good.
10,The tears of love and greatness...The best trick you can see with your heart!
10,I decided to watch this movie today
10,The echo is loud.   Thank you.
10,It's so much fun. I should have done this for a long time
10,It's a heartbreaking story.
10,I'll give you 10 points in consultation with my wife We're in our late 40s and 50s
1,There are so many people in our country who are so moved
10,There's no need for words. You have to see...
10,A heartwarming movie.It's the best ♡♡
10,Thank you to the Turkish soldiers who participated in the war It's so touching
10,It's so touching and I want to watch it again!
10,I cried more than three times.
10,Best movie ever. A movie that you watch twice or three times again.
10,Thank you so much.Tears came out the whole time I watched it
10,My heart ached and I cried a lot all the time.  I learned about the Korean War that I didn't know and thank you to the Turkish army. It's a must-see movie. I want to keep a movie
10,I cried a lot while watching itcrying
1,Thank you. I'm very satisfied^^
10,My heart hurt the whole time I watched it.
10,I shed tears and runny nose. It's a touching true story
1,It's like a one-act play in a TV drama
10,I feel once again that Turkey is a brother country.^^
10,Brother Turkey!I love you
10,We can't forget this. Thank you
10,A movie that shows how much Korean journalist critics are
10,a rare warm-hearted war
10,Even though it's a true story... I think it's too similar. I got goosebumps when I saw the actual pictures.
10,It leaves a strong impression. It's a movie that I hope a lot of people watch.
10,Are only movies by famous directors? Why don't you show these real-life movies? It is a must-see movie for Koreans. --
10,You're the best. No words needed
10,I'm so touched. It's fun and I say thank you
10,A good movie. A must-see movie
10,This kind of movie should go to 10 million...There aren't many theaters
1,I've never had a Muslim brotherhood until the end of the world
10,It's sad. You were kind to Koreans when you traveled to Turkey.
10,The story and the movie that lingers in my heart.I can understand why Turkey is a brother's country
10,a regime grovelling at these reds
10,It's so touching!!!This is a must-see movie
10,Trying to sneak the kid back in his bag on his way back to Turkey...  It shows how much you've grown attached to your child.I hope many movies related to June 25 will be made. Jae-in and the Democrats really hate movies like this.
10,Thank you. Thank you
10,Touching. Touching. I want to recommend this movie.
10,It's a really touching movie
10,It was a very moving movie.I was nervous about whether I would be able to meet you in the second half. I'm glad I met you. Make sure you watch it. It's amazing that it's real I would like to express my gratitude to Turkey.
10,It's a very moving movie.
9,It's a touching movie. Thank you ^^
10,You have to see... It's a touching movie.
10,This movie reminds me of Kim Il Sung OOO
10,I really enjoyed the movie.
10,A Turkish soldier who died helplessly...I'm just grateful and grateful.
10,I couldn't stop crying. I really hope you can see it.
10,Turkish movie! With the theme of Korea! It was nice to see us from various perspectives
10,All good. Except the sound director was so ignorant of Asian music.I can't believe I put Chinese songs and peaceful videos in the Korean War story.
10,It's very touching. Look.
10,It was a movie that made me think about life through one person's life drama. It was a touching drama in my life that I struggled to keep my father's promise all my life.
10,I strongly recommend it. You should watch it Good
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
1,What's this high--
10,I think it will be more fun than Incheon Landing Operation.
10,It's so touching. I hope a lot of people watch it
10,What a moving movie! I strongly recommend it. Tears and runny nose are a bonus!
10,The best movie of the best. Touching
10,It's touching. It's been a while since I cried
10,an authentic true-life filmIt's a movie that made me think that it's great and how great.
8,A movie that looks at the Korean War from the perspective of the war participants.  Overlapping with the Korean flag flying.
10,I cried a lot. Why wasn't it shown?
10,Oh... What is this? I think I got a movie as a gift. I can't relate to the empathy...It's too much.
8,I could read the tragedy of the Korean War that I had forgotten and the humanism that blooms there.
10,It was a movie where I had a lot of thoughts Turkey in the country that helped us...It was touching and I thought we had a lot to remember
10,I will remember...It's more touching because it's a true story and it's a painful past
10,It's a sad movie that I couldn't see on the screen
10,It would be nice if my family could see it ^^
10,Ayla's father was all the Turkish soldiers there  My father waited for Suo to keep his promise. How much did he love him? How bravely did he get along with the soldiers who spoke different languages? I strongly recommend this movie!
8,Except for the lack of detail in the description of the war...It's been a while since I watched a movie with tears in my eyes.I feel sorry for the Turkish people who think of Korea as a country of brothers.
10,It was a touching movie with good and love.
10,The audience is so small...
10,I cried a lot. It's so touching
10,It's my first time to get a rating. I was happy to watch this movie A true story is really...I cried a lot I hope you all watch this movie at least once. Please I beg you. crying
10,The best movie was so much fun
10,I log in to Naver for the first time and leave a rating.The movie was so touching and it was a long film.
10,You're the best!
10,There are still many Aylas living in the world!I don't want this sad thing to happen anymore.
10,I was so immersed in it. Thank you for the good movie.
10,It's been a long time since I cried. I can't get rid of my emotions
10,I cried after seeing the truth...
10,I love the movie. A life that does not take its own responsibility in living life. His promise. I'm crying all the time I see it makes me cry. I loved the movie that shows the pain of war and the breakup at the same time.
10,I'm so touched. Turkey feels so close to me
10,I'm so touched. I'd like to thank the Turks
9,Kim Seol... He grew up so pretty that he's going to be a great actor.
10,I am ashamed of myself in many ways. This kind of history should be taught. You have to show this as a school audio-visual room educational material.
6,The movie itself is kind of boring. It's hard to watch until the end
5,I can't believe you're showing such a precious true story. I thought the background music was "Eyes of Dawn" 30 years ago.
10,It's a very grateful movie.
10,I want to thank Turkey. Thank you.
10,I'm watching it for the second time~~~
10,It was a very moving movie. It was a movie that lingered for a long time. It was very touching.
10,It's so touching!
10,Please watch "Jjangjjang" a lot [Laughing)
10,It's calm and touching. The best movie I've ever seen in the first half of this year... This is how the new wave is made. The immersion of the movie itself is too deep.
10,Make sure to watch it. It is a moving movie.Thank you Turkey
10,Thank you very much for your sacrifice to the Turks.
10,It's so touching. Make sure to watch it I strongly recommend it
10,Thank you for crying so much  Turkey
10,I can't stop crying for a long time.It's a work that leaves a long impression after seeing it without words.It's so touching and sadder that it's a true story and I want to keep it for a long time.
10,I could feel pain in the war and happiness in it
10,People's Army 4 here is my friend!
10,You have to watch it. You have to watch it
10,You'll regret it if you don't see it
10,Let's thank Turkey and the United Nations
10,The movie was not cliche and told the story well. It's a new movie because you can see from a different perspective how many people sacrificed during the Korean War. I highly recommend it. It's impeccable.
10,Best movie of the first half of the year. It's a shame there aren't many theaters.I want to recommend this movie to everyone
10,Thank you for your participation.
7,The long wait and the touch of a true story
10,A movie that breaks my heart.
10,Thanks a lot. But our painful past...Something that shouldn't happen again.crying
6,It is meaningful in itself as a thank-you greeting.
10,Thank you more than anything else ~~ I'm more touched than that. My heart is numb
10,It's a masterpieceMy heart was so painful and I couldn't watch it without tears...Turkey is a country of brothers
8,It's a touching movie. I recommend it.
10,It's the first time I've seen him sobbing in the middle and late... I couldn't stop crying.
10,You have to watch this I'll make sure
10,Thank you. It makes my heart warm
10,It's so touching. I'm seeing Turkey again. I love you Turkey!
10,Touching... Touching itself... It leaves a lot of lingering emotions. Schleiman... Iila...
8,I watched it on Premium TV and it's a good movie.
10,It's a very moving movie
10,I was looking for a movie suitable for killing time and I happened to see it and I cried a lot... I hope you watch it at least once.
10,I'm looking at it right now. It's good.
10,A film that reminds us of the appreciation of the warring nations during the Korean War. Kim Seol Yang's acting was so good and I think the movie was made more realistic because I could hear the languages of both countries
10,A moving movie... I keep crying. Was I this sentimental?
10,I'm more immersed because it's a real story. I just watched the preview and paid for it. I'm glad I met youcrying
8,It would've been better if we were together. It's a short but informative movie about how much we missed each other
10,I'm touched that we met and reunited alive.
10,Another masterpiece of our time
10,I watched it on TV without thinking. It's so touching. Thank you
10,If they've been living together... it's heartbreaking to seeWhen did I ever shed this much tears?
9,Seol~~~~ Can you grow up a little slower~~~ Why are you so cute? I cried because I was watching you all throughout the movie. I laughed and lost track of time and enjoyed watching it~~
10,I've been watching the Turkish army...I wanted to give her a hug her. I can't study because it still lingers crying
10,I cried while watching a movie It's so touching
10,Video and music are good I was really impressed.
10,I'm so sad that there aren't many movie theaters that I really want to see
10,A really meaningful movie that I want everyone to see
10,The movie is so touching. We need to remember Why Turkey and Korea are bloodthirsty brothers.
10,It's your first time giving a rating. Thank you the fathers of the time My life's work that Koreans must see
10,It was a touching moment of truth and love that I can't express anymore
10,Thank you for Turkey's pure participation.
10,It's really the best!needless to say
10,Touching... Real story... It's so touching
10,Let's go to the movie theater! It must be so sad
10,I watched with tears in my eyes at the love of Ayla and Schleiman's family
10,The best movie...  I've seen it ten times and I'm not tired of it
10,Really... It's so touching...Thank you Turkey...
10,I'm really surprised that it's a true story.It felt like I was watching a fairy tale that healed me the whole time!
10,paternal love for a daughter in her bosomTears clouded the last scene of the movie.
10,It is the Turkish Brotherhood!
10,Thank you so much to all the Turkish people I hope many people watch it
10,We will not forget the Turkish sacrifice that they showed us more than 70 years ago.
10,It's too bad that I failed at the box office. The movie is good...It's a shame that it wasn't promoted well
10,It's all the more touching because it's a true story of a touching movie.
10,It's really touching. It's sadder because it's a true story
10,It's so touching
10,It was really good Make sure to watch it
1,Jaein is showing everywhere
10,Thank you. I'm doing well
10,I want to thank the Turks~~
10,It's good. I love it
10,I cried a lot after watching this
10,It's a must-see movie
10,I love it so much Movies
10,I'm so touched Kim Seol Yang is such a good actor I cried the whole time Please watch it. I recommend it
10,She said she endured it well until the end. I couldn't endure it because there was a scene where my daughter and father met.
10,Turkey's military song is touching my heart.crying
10,H. A touching movie that makes me feel emotional.
10,the true story of a young soldier in another country with war orphans
10,The movie based on a true story was touching
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good movie!
10,The difference between Netizen's rating and critic's rating...  I think a critic shows how dry people's emotions are.  You said something like Daehan News and fell down.
10,It's touching because it's based on a true story
10,It's the movie of the year for me
10,The father lives to keep his promise with his daughter.
10,My heart ached and I cried the whole time I watched it. Thank you.
10,I think I met a wonderful wife and finally I was able to meet Ayla again.
10,I was so touched. I recommend it
10,I cried so much that I'm out of my mind. It's a must-see movie. It's a good movie that made me understand why Turkey is a country of brothers.
10,Thank you. Turkey...I cried so much...
10,I cried because I could feel how long she'd been waiting for you
10,It's so touching.crying
10,If I had succeeded and taken him...The most touching thing was that my dad would definitely come back to pick me up and that he didn't hang out with other friends
10,Thank you. I got in trouble because I cried the whole time
10,It was touching. I have Turkish humor(?) and I had a meaningful time with my mom^^
10,The true story is more touching and touching
10,It's so sad and touching
4,10 points for the surprise movie version is a bit...  Rating adjustment box
10,It was a really interesting movie
10,There's nothing to say. It's just the best...
10,It was so touching and I learned something new about Turkey
10,It's a touching movie...
10,I cried while watching it. crying
8,It's better than I thought
1,Why is this movie so high?
10,Please watch it This is what love is like It's a movie that we know even if our hearts don't tell us
10,Should I go to Seoul to watch a movie? Please increase the number of theaters.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movieMale actors are the best at acting!
10,Touching... What do you mean?
10,I'm so touched. Turkey is a country I'm so thankful for
10,The movie that didn't flow for 20 years and made me cry...
10,I felt tears and thankfulness while watching the movie
10,I will never forget the Turkish sacrifice. Thank you.
10,It's such a great movie that I don't want to promote
10,It's a really good piece of art^^ A movie with sadness and emotion
10,I watched it on Olleh TV.I put my child next to me and cried a lot. May Mr. Schleiman rest in peace
10,There's a story. I feel like I'm liking Turkey more than I've ever known beforeThe soccer match in Turkey is very vividI think Lee Eul-yong played there
10,I enjoyed it. It was so touching
10,Hankyu who released such a moving movie too early
10,I was too busy reading the faces of the administration. I can't find such a touching story even if there'sI strongly recommend it Please download an epic poem about the Korean War
10,It's touchingIt's been a while since I watched a moving movie
10,I really enjoyed the movie!
10,The lefties wouldn't like it.
10,I regret not seeing you in person at the movie theater
10,It's so touching Hella funny 
10,I hope you watch it.  It's a heartwarming and touching movie. Thank you very much to the Turkish soldiers who participated in the Korean War.
10,a film with a lingering effect  I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,Thank you for doing your best to take care of me until the day I return home even when I risk my life like my own child on the battlefield. And thank you to all the people who risked their lives and sacrificed for Korea. My heart was moved and I cried the whole time. Live a happy life
10,Thank you. I enjoyed it
10,It was more touching because it was a true story. Tears welled up
10,Turkey helped us to be what we are now
10,It's a touching true story. It was really touching crying
10,Thank you to Turkey and all the countries that participatedI'm getting emotional throughout the movieI'm so touched~♡
10,For sacrificing your life for our country. Thank you and I'm sorry.
9,It's a really good movie. I highly recommend it.
10,I won't forget that Turkey is a brother country.Thank you.
10,I didn't think much about it.It's really touching.Actors are good at acting.
10,That's the best move I hope the whole nation will see it
9,war-blooming humanism
10,I enjoyed watching a good movie after a long time.
10,It's such a pretty movie. Thank you to the Turks
10,I recommend Ayla for real
9,sharp in the line of emotionally A bucket of tears after a laugh.
10,You made a good movie.
10,It lingers for a long time The sound is good from time to time.
10,It's a movie that lingers. It's a movie where pure love touches your heart.
10,You really have to see this It's more touching because I'm a mother of children
10,Thank you. Please watch it.
10,Seol is good at singing
10,It's a touching movie Make sure you watch it
10,Please increase the number of theaters. please.
10,It's my first time getting a GPA.I didn't know what genre it was and I happened to see it. It's so touching. These movies are 100 times better than commercial movies these days. It's a movie that will remain in my memory forever.
10,I salute Turkey
10,Strongly recommended. It's so sad. It's a movie that leaves a lot
10,It's such a sad movie...
10,It's touching and the family love formed by Jeon Jae is touching.
10,It's a wave of emotion. irritating the tear glands
10,This is so touching
10,I recommend it. It's my favorite movie
2,Give me 10 stars and 500 refugees treat me like a virus
10,I wonder if there's anyone who won't cry after watching this. I think Korea is a country that has a lot of regrets. It's a movie that lingers a lot. Please make a lot of real-life movies like this
10,Let's not forget the Korean War Turkey
10,It was sad but worth seeingAnd Ayla says she never lived with her father in her father
10,It's so touching. I highly recommend it
10,I'm touched.a must-see movie
10,It's so sad. It's touching.Thank you for never forgetting to find Ayla
10,I cried a lotIt's a real story. I'm so thankful
10,It's a must-see movie for Koreans I want to watch it with my parents' heart
10,It's full of lingering feelings.
8,The touching story of Schleiman and Ayla
10,I won't forget.  ~~~  Thank you^^♥♥♥
10,It's so sad and touching just looking at the preview
10,I cried so much! Why people? It's a very painful but warm movie that made me feel human! May there be no war in Korea again!=
10,It's a movie that leaves a lot of beautiful memories.
10,Why isn't this movie 10 million?
10,It's been a really long time since I watched a movie while sobbing I'm so touched. I'm still in the mood. I hope many of you watch it One actor looks so similar to Daniel who came out in an abnormal meeting
10,I cried so much. The movie that lingers so much
10,Don't forget them.
10,It was such a moving movie. I didn't expect much but I cried a lot
10,Touching true story. This is a masterpiece. Turkey is a country of brothers
10,I cried so much...
10,I really don't understand the score of the critic. This movie is really...
10,Oh... It's the best I can't explain it in words
10,It's been a while since I cried while watching a movie.
10,Thank you for protecting me.
10,A movie that touches the heart
10,It was so hard because I kept crying and Ayla was so cute
10,A lot of people should watch this kind of movie Not useless movies. I really recommend itthe second time in a row
10,It's so touching.I'm once again moved by the fact that it's a true story.Turkey is a very grateful countryI hope you both stay healthy for a long time
4,The power of real-life movies...
10,I have never cried while watching a movie for the past year or two. This movie made me cry.
10,It's the best movie of my life
8,Turkey is a grateful country.
10,Thank you very much.
10,It's my first time writing a movie scoreYou really need to see this
10,A movie that ends with crying... The main character and Seol were so good at acting that I was more immersed in watching it. crying
10,I wish only Ayla and Schleigh happiness and good health.
10,A movie that's so touching. A movie that you must watch
10,May there be no war on this land again.  And I want to thank the warring nations for their blood
10,It was the most touching movie that reminded me of how thankful I am
10,More like a movie than a movie
10,Make sure to watch it with your family. It is a sad but heartwarming movie.
10,I cried while watching it overseas.
10,Turkey is our Hyungjae's country. Thank you. You must watch this movie. Touching true story
10,I will never forget it veterans
10,It's the best. Really... This movie... It's the best Make sure to watch it
10,I wish I could meet you sooner.It's sad and heartbreaking...
10,It is thought that the impressive new drama or the Turkish Brotherhood were objectively well-made.
10,That was good. Turkey is 100% recognized as a brother country of Korea
10,What do you need to say?
10,It's been a while since I cried.
10,Thank you. That's all I can say.Thank you.
10,You have to see this personally
10,I cried a lot while watching the movie. I'm so glad you found your father. Thank you Turkish soldiers for the tree.
8,an emotional film I cried a lot because I thought of Lime.
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,You have to cut me some slack. It's sad and touching
10,I was so touched that I recommended it to my friends.
10,Thank you Turkey for taking the lead in helping our country.
10,Our people are the best. It's a movie that I should be thankful for
10,This movie is really touching. There's something that touches my heart
10,This kind of movie should be made available to the whole nation.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie...I got emotional when Arirang came out
10,Awesome. It's one of the things that I can't express in words
10,I enjoyed watching "Neobu" Best movie of the year!
10,It was so touchingTears welled up in the scene where Schleiman and Ayla meet again.
10,I don't like war. a touching true-life paternalistic film
10,I kept crying while watching it It's so touching
10,I'm so sad that I'm crying
10,Thank you to all the countries that participated. I'll never forget and live a life of course
10,Best 6.25 Movies That Touch Heartstrings
10,It's my favorite movieMake sure you watch it
10,Let's just watch!It's been a long time since we've seen a movie like this. We've had memories from 60 years ago
10,It was the most touching movie I saw this year.The best...
10,Thank you for helping this country in times of need.
10,I cried so much from the beginning of the movie...
10,I remember watching it on TV. This sad history should never happen again... And thank you Turkey.
10,I am so touched
10,It's a movie that realizes that it was a very grateful thing. I hope a lot of young people will watch it.
10,It was so much fun. I watched a movie and watched Turkey again
10,I was so touched that I didn't know I'd wake up
8,I cried for a long time. The actors' acting is more like 90's
10,I was moved and I cried  It was a beautiful fate
10,I think it's a really good movie.I hope you all watch it.It's fun and touching.It's too bad that there aren't many movie theaters showing.
10,It's touching. Shuleiman Papa is amazing and thank you!
10,Korean theaters that don't show these movies should really reflect on themselves
8,She's a good actress It's a beautiful story. I've seen a whole bunch of them
1,Most of the uncivilized Koreans say that even such videos are good movies. It's like a country that gets popular when it's touched or cursed. That's pathetic.
9,I shed a bucket of tears.Turkey is a country of brothers.Kim Seol was cute!
10,It's a true story movie that's really touching and touching. I hope you all watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,It was a touching 2 hours
10,There's no need for words. crying
6,It's worth watching. It's just right
10,I hope a lot of people remember this movie
10,It was a movie like a letter written with a lot of longing. I think maybe Schleiman and Ayla were the saviors of each other in a life-and-death battlefield. How can I express all the affection and longing I've brought? It was a movie that made me feel that way.
10,I can't hold back my tearscrying
10,I'm so touched.
10,I think my dry eye is better because I cried so much. A beautiful true story that's more like a movie than a movie!
10,Pyeongsik seems to be a critic of all the movies in the world. Why do you live like that? Find another job
10,It was a heartwarming movie like a miracle at Namiya General Store. What a true Turkish soldier
10,Let's protect the liberal democracy that Turkey has protected!
8,You shouldn't have included a four-point battle scene with a four-point emotion.
10,You were touching  Thank you
10,I'm shocked that there aren't many masterpieces like this in Korea.It's like you're forgetting history in general
10,My mom is very worried.My dad and I were impressed.
10,It's such a touching movie! There are so many things I forgetThank you.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I love Turkey
10,It's just the best! I strongly recommend it
10,War movies can be touching. Thank you!  The land of brothers
7,Looking at the children thinking of war makes me cry.
10,It's a very moving and impressive movie!!!!
10,I'm so touched. It's my first time getting a GPA
10,I'm deeply moved and I'm tearing up
10,I'm so happy and moved that Schleiman and Ayla went around for a long time and finally met. Thank you very much to everyone who helped me meet you.It's a movie where you can feel warm love in the midst of the terrible sadness of war^^~
10,It's a miracle that it was released in a country where even the president ignored the ceremony
10,It's a movie that's so touching and touching. I forgot the pain of the Korean War. It's a movie where we remember that the country that received help and helped is the country of brothers who shared blood. It's a movie that sheds tears·
10,I enjoyed it. I watched it twice
10,It's such a lovely and thankful movie
10,It's really calm and touching. I'm just sorry that I'm a kimchi man in an era where the dementia king Moon Jjap Jjap is teasing veterans of the Korean War.
10,I'm crying and thankful. I have to pay back
10,A true brother's land?Altruistic sacrifice? The first decision to send troops
10,It's so touching
10,Thank you for the good movie. ^^
9,A very touching film. a tear-jer
1,My brother siphoned off.
10,It's a touching and sad movie
10,Good. Good movie. So touching!
10,Just watch it once!
10,Wave of emotion~ Heart-warming material
10,I watched the heartbreaking events of the Korean War as a movie. Audience ratings and self-proclaimed critics on the left are starkly different!!! Look at it first and judge^~^
10,It was hard to find the theater.I can't believe there's a day when it's not shownIt was a touching human movie that I watched in tears for the first time in a long time.I want to see it again.Thank you. Turkey.
10,It's the best movie of the year!
10,A must-see movie.
10,Did you see the theater is so bare subsistence level because we don't have.Is so touching humanity to make sure that the movie.
10,I think the warmth of Turkish soldiers will remain in my heart for a long time.I cried until my nose turned red
8,The husband I saw together cried a lot.
10,Pyungsik Park has a very low rating for movies that are not his style. I don't understand why he is a critic at all. He will choose the movie he wants to watch at home
10,A true story movie that touches the heart of the story itself. I think it is a movie that the Korean people should watch once again. Thank you again for the country Turkey.
10,It's a movie that Cine 21 critics won't like. Political critics who have to look at everything politically. Can you really enjoy the movie if you see?
10,Ayla... I'm touched
10,Thank you for being Ayla's father
10,Here and there!Me too!
10,I laughed and cried. It's been a while since I watched a proper movie It's even more touching because it's a true story
10,I watched it with my mom.I didn't know Arirang was this kind of song. There are countless war orphans like this in the world - I hope there will be a world without war.
9,It's nice. It's heartwarming. I think the power of promise is amazing
10,Now we'll remember
10,It's really well-made. Please increase the number of theaters
10,A 33-year-old dog crying handkerchief is a must at a movie theater
7,I guess I had high expectations. It's touching.
2,It's a true story that'em being moved
10,It is a touching epic that warms your heart and reminds you of old memories.
10,It was touching. I strongly recommend it
10,I will watch it. There is no movie theater. Please increase it This movie. It's touching. It's the way of tears
10,Thank you to all the people who fought for other countries I respect you. Thank you for creating the future
10,I'm so touched. I can't help but think about why I woke up on June 25th. Turks are nice
10,It is a must-see movie.We all have to thank the Turks.I only respect Schleigh. I learned a lot.It is all the more touching because it is a true story.I watched it with my mom and it was so good!^^
10,I'm going to write a rating for the first time. Why do they use it? Just look!
10,It's a very well-made movie. I really enjoyed itI'm so touched and grateful to Turkey
10,I'm so touched. I'm interested in Turkey
10,The movie that made me know why Turkey is a brother country.crying
10,I looked up MBC documentary after watching this
10,What a heartwarming movie!
10,It would have been nice if we met earlier. It is a sad but touching moviecrying
8,The actor who plays Schleiman played a resonant performance.It's like a real person.I'm surprised this is a true story.I am grateful to realize that all the veterans at that time were precious children.I hope a lot of people watch it.Please increase the number of theaters.
10,I want to light up the world as a good person like Mr. Schleiman
10,It was a touching movie I'm so sad that there aren't many theaters. I hope you can promote and advertise a good movie that'  I cried while watching a movie. My eyes are swollen Haha
10,I saw it today^^ It made me think about Turkey again. It's so touchingIt's the best movie in the first half of the year
10,A movie that people should watch
9,Please eat a lot of Turkish kebab
10,Kim Seol's acting as a child is amazing
10,A movie that I can watch quietly with my parents
8,I remember Ayla's round face ^^
10,I can't control my tear glands because I'm old I should go to the hospitalI want to be mine
10,Get rid of Hankyoreh's 21 press rating on Naver
10,It's touching and I think it will remain in my heart for a long time. I felt warm humanity
10,a touching film that leaves you out of the picture throughout the show
10,I recommend you to bring tissues or handkerchiefs Thank you Turkey
10,It's so touching.^^
10,I really recommend it.  It's a calm but life movie that leaves a strong impression on humanity
10,I regret not knowing much about Turkey. Thank you to the Turkish veterans who took care of the war orphans and protected the Republic of Korea...
8,Dads let go of everything they had endured when they said they would live to keep their promise to the childcrying
10,Thank you. I'm sorry.
10,I cried a lot because it was a true story.
10,It's even more fun because Ayla and Schleiman are so good at picking the main characters  I did a good job of looking at the money so it wasn't a waste
10,I'm so touched~All the more because it's a true story
10,It is a grateful masterpiece that touches my heart more because it is a true story and makes me feel catharsis by wetting my heart with touching contents and expressions.
10,a father and daughter in war
10,The day that Koreans must watch and remember
10,The movie that made me realize the meaning of my dad's existence. Turkey was love
10,It's the best movie ever Let's remember 625
10,I think it's a great movieToo bad there aren't many theaters
10,I can't believe there aren't many theaters for such masterpieces!
10,It was a touching movie
10,Now I understand why Turkey is a brother country.I want to know Turkey.I want to go to Schleiman's house.
10,A movie that prevents malicious xers from actively making a hit.It's such a good movie.
10,The Turkish guy. He's handsome. The baby comes out so lovely at the end.I was so sad that I cried a lotIt's so much fun
10,Water polo-shaped traitorous country pro-Japanese acquisition conservative Gaesikhee
10,It was so touching and touching to watch yesterday. I think it's a really good movie.I hope it's promoted and people watch it.It's a pity that there aren't many audiences because it hasn't been released for a few days It was a movie that made my heart flutter and shed tears.I've never seen my husband cry while watching a movie.lol
10,It was a touching movie that lingered for a few days To the point where I want to see you again
10,The hot reunion of Ayla and Schleiman makes me cry
10,Fun and touching. the story of the people of Seonan A movie that makes you feel good.
10,It's so touching. Turkey's country. Thank you
10,It's so much fun. It's so sad. I cried a lot. I want to go to Turkey
10,I would like to thank everyone for their help in protecting the Republic of Korea and liberal democracy.
10,I'm touched. It's a movie about Turkish soldiers' true love for Korean orphans. Strongly recommend
10,It's warm and heart-warming I was happy to see a moving movie after a long time Thank you. ^^
8,A movie depicting a flower.
6,an uncountable mathematical film
10,It makes me think again if I have a promise with my son that I haven't kept yet We strongly recommend it. ^^
10,It's our history to remember.
10,It is touching that love can exist even in war.
10,A touching movie that sublimates generational homogeneity and painful history into love.
10,The people should see it.Good!
10,It was the best moving movie  It's so touching to hear that it's a movie promise that I want to make
10,I'm going to score 10 points because the leftists are obviously terrorizing
1,The worst movie of my life...It was less interesting than the documentary of the Korean War and less interesting than the military movie on the Armed Forces Broadcasting.
10,I smiled while watching "So-hwak-haeng" and "Aila ayla" during the war
10,It's touching. Real stories are always more touching than made-up stories
9,a true story that is neo-fascinating and cinematic
10,I have to watch a movie like this. It was so touching
10,The best movie... My heart was so sad and I cried so much that I didn't have enough tissue. I felt grateful to Turkey. May Shuleiman rest in peace I won't forget your warm heart
10,It's the best movie these days
10,A country of brothers. I feel grateful. I want to travel to Turkey.
10,Thank you. I won't forget. 6.25 today:
10,It's touching and fun.
10,..♡ I was so touched and I felt thankful
8,It's strange that the details are not so good and my Korean is not good enough. It was a touching and worth watching. I felt grateful for Turkey once again
10,It's a warm movie that feels like it's dragging something heavy. ^^
10,There should be a lot of theaters for this kind of movie.  It was so touching
10,It was a touching movie.Thank you Turkish soldiers for fighting like this at the expense of their lives.
10,It was so touching. I want the movie theater to be bigger.
10,Are we really a people who repay the favor? Are we treating war veterans and meritorious nations like that? Let's reflect on ourselves and buy Turkish ice cream
10,The most touching movie of my life! I hope there is a lot of screening management.If it weren't for the big business monopoly--
10,I cried for the first time in a while.And I cried more because it was a true story.
10,It is a touching movie based on a true story.The actual meeting with Ayla at the end was touching
10,A man who has served in the army will sympathize and shed tears.
10,It's the only movie that touched my heartIt's the first movie that I searched on Naver and logged in with stars and one line review It's a movie that doesn't waste any money and time and it really leaves a lingering impression
10,A film that shows how vicious the Red North is
10,It's touching. I love Turkey
10,It was new and touching to see the Korean War from another country's perspective. I recommend it.
10,Tears are flowing endlessly
10,Make sure to watch it. It's touching
10,I really don't use things like this a lot. I was so touched아It's a beautiful war movie.I think it needs to be a hit in Korea
10,It is the movie of my life movie. crying
10,It's so touching. Make sure to watch it
7,It's a real story. It's a heavy echo and emotion
10,I must remember my brother's country that helped me during the Korean War!It was such a warm and touching movie!I kept crying while watching it. It's a movie I want to watch again
10,I pray that the Turkish soldier will rest in peace at the end
8,A moving movie. Surprise movie version
10,Thank you again to Turkey
10,My tear glands are dry and painful.
10,Thank you. Thank you again
10,It's a really good movie.I almost cried.
10,Brother's country!@@!
10,I'm going to go watch it again. Please show it a lot crying
10,Thank you for making a moving movie. Turkey is our brother's country!
7,I guess I wanted to put too much... The development wasn't smooth... It's a movie that I liked...
10,I got in trouble from the start to the end because I was so sad
10,I cried all the time. It's such a good movie
10,May God's blessing be with Turkey
8,I kept crying. I was so touched
9,It was a touching movie.
10,He's trying to get a lead shot with Winchester
8,A grandfather kept crying while watching a movie in the line I sat on. It is very meaningful to say "You were not alone" to the generation who went through the war.
10,Make sure to watch Ayla.  Those who sacrificed for our country...Bow down. Thank you so much
10,It's a movie that expresses the meaning of a promise again.
10,I strongly recommend this movie. I cried
10,I cried throughout the movie
10,Turkey is our eternal brother
10,A beautiful and heart-warming film.
10,I respect the Turks.
10,There are a lot of people in the country that I owe you. I have to repay you now.
10,I cried a lot. It was more heartbreaking and touching because it was a true storyI hope the audience will increase because it is well known.crying
10,Thank you to everyone who protected another Ayla on this land.
10,The movie made me think about Turkey again and feel grateful for the pain of war.
10,My favorite movie is more than I expected
10,Thank you for the great movieAnd thank you
9,Touching~ Thank you again to the Turkish soldiers. Child actor Kim Seol's acting is the best! Take your handkerchief. ^^
10,It's been a long time since I saw a moving movie
10,You're the best! Tears welling up!
1,"Daehan News" style. So touching
10,It's our brother country. Let's be thankful and remember
10,It is a movie worth watching.
10,It's touching to feel grateful for Turkey.
10,It's a movie that lingers for a long time even after watching the movie.
10,It's the best...I don't need to stop you
10,Go watch a movie that shows your true father with the men around you
10,Make sure you watch it. I cried throughout the movie--T
10,Tears welled up in the morning.It's touching.
10,I want to thank Turkey
10,It's so touching. Thank you again to the Turkish veterans.
10,I cried all the time thinking that I'm thankful and sorry
10,Just watching the trailer makes me cry.I can't wait to see a movie.
10,It was hard to leave for a while even if the movie subtitles went down until I was able to calm down my tears
10,A good film. Respect and appreciation for the humanity of the Turks.
10,It's so touching...
10,a film that shows what a person should be to a person
10,It's a great movie. truth.
10,I'll have to watch it on the weekend ‥
10,I got in trouble because I cried. It was so sad to think that it was real
10,There should be more theaters This kind of movie made me feel so sad once or twice a day
10,I'm sorry to hear that Schleiman's father died
10,I'm sorry to hear that Schleiman's father died
8,It was nice to see this historical thing in a movie. I won't forget Turkey ☆ Melhava Sevillaume Chokyuzel ♡
10,I was really touched.
10,I cried a lot  a must-see movie
10,Pro-North Koreans won't like this movie
10,It's a recommendation that doesn't need words.
6,I didn't cry all the time watching the movie.
10,It's a touching story. I hope we can secure the screen a lotcrying
10,A must-see movie for those who have served in the military
10,I'm so sad I hope this doesn't happen again
6,It's great! A bit of tears
10,I was so sad at the end 실 He's good at acting
10,I cried throughout the movie It's so touching. I hope many people watch it
10,I watched it at the Turkish Film Festival last year and it was really touching!! Biz Korelier sizi Turk arkadaslari gercekten seviyorumuz! sizinle sonsuza!
10,I hope it's promoted a lot.
10,It is a movie about a warm heart that blooms in spite of the terrible bad conditions of the Korean War. It is an honor to see such a beautiful movie.
10,Really... It's a movie where both fun and touching coexist. The most fun movie I've seen recently...But there aren't many theaters It's such a bummer... I think I need to come see it again with my friend
1,Chinese movie-like affordability stands out
10,Turkey is our brother country.  Let's be thankful and remember
10,I cried a lot. It's touching and fun.Thank you for watching :-) The child actor was very cute.
10,The focus is not on war but on relationships. a beautiful miraculous connection A movie that is more sad because it is calm.
10,It was so touching.I hope a lot of people watch it.Try writing a correction mark.
10,Look twice. Look three times.
10,Turkey's main actor is so handsome. I lost all my emotions for 2 hours. I told my friends to watch it
10,I was moved by the participation of the Turkish army in my brother's country and thank you very much. "Daddy lives to keep his child's promise." The beautiful love of father and daughter that has been in my heart for 60 years for that promise rings my heart. I hope many people will remember this movie after watching it.
10,Tears... Touching story. Take a tissue or a handkerchiefIt's even more touching that it's a war movie and a true story.Recommend.
10,Moon Jae-in and pro-North Korean forces hate this movie
10,We have so many warring states that we live in. Thank you.
10,It was really good! I laughed and cried
6,He lacks acting and directing to the point where I can't relate to it
10,It's a good movie that lingers in my mind
10,Touching... Directing and singing were all perfect
6,I was very disappointed with the touching true story and the movie itself.
10,I hope everyone can watch a movie that they must watch
10,I strongly recommend this movie. It's 100 times more touching
10,A movie with perfect direction and perfect music that touches your heart!
10,I will see you in Turkey and I will see you again when I come to Korea. :)
10,It's a very moving movie.I was wiping my tears and it was a real film movie.
10,Lee Kyung-jin and Terdor's short but sufficient acting that showed the modernity of the movie is also an example that shows years of experience
10,The most touching healing movie... It's so touching
9,I experienced humanity and miracles.
8,Crying and sniffling all the way to my nose. It's a relief that I saw Jojo without people.crying
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year
10,This movie is the best!!!!
10,I think I'm happy to be able to watch this movie alive. I think I'm learning the emotions I need to live through the movie
4,I can't relate to it.
10,I watched season 1 and watched the movie while cryingIt's touching
10,It's the first time in my life that I've even scored.It was the most enjoyable time of my life.The only regret was not being able to see the movie version of Violet Evergarden in theaters.
10,Tears...
10,The smiling violet is so pretty.
10,My life! None of the movies I've seen in my life have shed this much tears. It was hard to hold back tears in every scene. Everything in this movie seemed as beautiful as the scene where Major and Violet were reunited.
10,I cried my eyes outcrying
10,Violet Evergarden...
10,It was good because I think the ending was well done with the theater version.
8,The emotion that gets overwhelmed when a person who only conveys another person's heart conveys his or her heart is
10,I really enjoyed it It's touching and...
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't leave out the movie version of their animation that broke my heart every episode.
10,I'm worried about the aftereffects. You're the best
10,Let me see a little more  Don't end it
10,It was the best..... It'sorry.
10,Thank you for making it into a movie
10,I really don't cry often.
10,I don't think there's going to be a follow-up anymore. Sad
10,This is the real ending. It was perfect
9,Good recommendation. Make sure to watch it. Fun
10,I learned a little bit about "I love you."
1,I'm going crazy.
10,I cried five times.
10,I can't see without tears.
10,I couldn't stop crying
10,It's a masterpiece that reminded me of the emotions that I forgot about
6,I couldn't get into it after watching the murder case in heaven on Netflix. Phew. Don't make a mistake like me.
9,From the Netflix series to this... an animated film with a movie
10,I kept crying while watching it It's really sad and touching.The drawings are so pretty.It's so much fun.
10,I don't know how many times I cried.
10,A pack of tears today... Live happily and well!
10,A work that touches the heart beyond the limits of animation
10,It's a piece of work that I can say is perfect
10,Anime that stimulated the tear glands in a long time.
10,It was so touchingHaha
10,It's the best. It's good to watch when you want to cry.
10,The best animation I've ever seen while sniffling with my late night friend
10,A must-see movie in life
10,a theatrical finish Touching.
10,You'll know when you see it. It's Annie
10,Everything was a perfect movie versioncrying
3,a delusional allegory painted in beautiful paintings
10,A movie that scares me to have a daughter
10,The first episode started with Episode 10. I started crying from then on. I didn't know I would cry until the end. The visuals are so good and the directing at the sea really made me cry The sad thing is that it ended so neatly that I don't think the new Violet Evergarden will come out anymore. Please make more and eat more
10,I don't think I'll ever feel this kind of emotion again
10,I hope you get rid of the prejudice that it's animation and watch it
10,Anime that lingers for a long time
10,How can it be so lyrical and beautiful?
1,(˘???ε???) Not funny Very boring I saw it because it was on Netflix and it wasn't fun and boring and fell for otaku's rating Don't watch it Don't watch Mononoke Himena again when you watch this I think it's perfect for those who have 10 points left
10,I think he showed Violet and Gilbert's feelings through Aris.It's more touching to know Annie Good
10,Thank you so much for making this great work
10,It's a masterpiece of my life. I kept crying.
10,It's very touching. I'm so immersed. Please be careful
10,I can't understand without looking The scene comes out at the end. You have to watch it
8,The running time is so long and there's a series of moving things that make me feel bored...I think it would have been better if it was produced in two episodes.I have a lot of regrets.
1,I hate it. I turned it off 5 minutes after watching the movie because I was disappointed.
10,Oh... I can't see Teachers
10,It's the best. I'm tired of crying
10,I cried a lot when I saw this animation for the first time
10,She's so good at making it
10,I cried for two hours.
10,It's "Annie of My Life". All the movie versions
10,I was looking forward to the series that was really salty ^^
10,I don't think a billion points is enough... I cried 10 times and the aftermath was a movie that I regretted not being able to see at the movie theater for a long time. It was simply the best Annie of my life.
10,It's a perfect movie with nothing to put on
10,Five stars isn't enough. You have to give 500 stars
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.It's probably the story that will last in my heart for the longest time
10,Perfect. I cried my eyes outIt was the perfect finale
10,Even if you look at the spoiler... What are you going to do with this lingering feeling?
10,It's nothing to say. You have to watch it No regrets
10,The most beautiful animation of my life
10,It's so touching. The drawing is so beautiful
10,The best animation of my life
10,They're so affectionate... Voice actors' acting is really thumbs up
10,A movie where you can feel a new life and love
10,Life work... Tears are pouring down
8,What was so unfortunate was that I wanted you to show me after Major and Violet  I'm so touched
10,Major and Violeto...I hope you are happy...I'm leaving with a bucket of tears.
10,It is very exciting. Tears welled up when I saw the heroine.
10,I'm the father of two kids who are 31 years old I cried my eyes out. Thank you.
10,"I love you" is what I finally said
10,Why don't you look when everything's perfect?
10,A good story needs a good ending
10,Make sure you watch it. That's all I have to say. The perfect ending...
10,a moving movie from beginning to end
10,a deep-seated film
10,It's a masterpiece. I recommend it when you want to cry
10,The movie was really touching.The scene where Violet reunites at the end is the most touching
10,It's a movie that you'll regret if you don't watch it
10,I recommend that you watch all the episodes of Netflix season 1 and the 2019 theater version of Violet Evergarden I cried so much while watching the movie from beginning to end.It's really the best!
10,Tears welled up. My head is ding
10,It's the best ending...A beautiful ending...I just wanted more love to come out
10,Masterpiece Violet Evergarden
9,It would be hard for Kyoani to make a better work.
10,Just! It's a masterpiece. I cried the whole time
10,I know what else it's for.
10,It's really hard to find an animation like this! Violet! It's pretty!Whoo hoo hoo hoo!
10,Painfully and brilliantly beautiful
10,I was able to understand "I love you."
10,The Beautiful Annie Ends Violet Evergarden
10,I kept cryingcrying
10,It was so touching.
1,Manga for the five virtues. Don't be fooled by the ratings.
10,I am Woo Hee Yeol in Cheongju.
10,I can't help but cry... Sigh...
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,Life animation. It's an animation that moves you more as you get older
7,a work of restlessness among forced animals
10,The best movie. Fun and touching
10,The only thing I've ever seen in my life is a fortune
10,You have to see this. You have to see this. Crazy
10,Anime of grown-ups who say that they're trying to ignore it and come out of it's an animation
10,Violet series is my life's work
10,I ran out of tissue as soon as I started
10,It's a really healing animation
10,It's a cartoon. It's well-made
10,It was the first time in my life that I've seen a better film as a healing film.
10,I liked the OST when Gilbert and Violet met
10,Why does The World come to mind?
10,It wasn't as good as I expected
10,I cried a lot while watching the movie
10,I hope you watch a touching drama
10,It was so much fun and I can't wait to watch the replay
10,artistic composition a touching storyWhat more do we need?
10,Make sure to watch it. Just watch it. Don't ask. Look.
8,There's a lot to eat. It's close to eating at once
10,It's just perfect.
10,Kyoani is really a legend...
10,You have to watch it at the theater
10,You have to watch it at the theater
9,I can relate to it more
10,I'm glad I saw it. Perfect ending
1,Sigh...
9,I'm sad. I cried after watching a literary work in my life. I'm glad I watched it at the second theater
10,It was so touching
10,I don't cry at Annie. This is...
10,It's a movie that you won't get sick of even if you watch it many times at the theater. It's a waste of your life if you don'
1,It's just an animation for otaku.
10,Best Movie of the Year
10,I was half sad and half moved that another masterpiece was completed.
10,It was a well-decorated theatrical version of the series! b
10,The acting of the production company and voice actors that we trust
10,Violet series that you can trust and watch
10,Just don't need the best words...
10,No one stood up from their seats until the screening and the song were over.
10,I went to see my boyfriend It was hard to hold back my tears while admiring the drawing
10,Amazing level of writing and OST. And touching. Perfection itself
10,Why do critics say that?
10,Such a beautiful masterpiece
10,I'll have to watch it again to see if it'll be uploaded on Netflix
10,I like both the directing that expresses the changing times sweetly and the scenes that depict the emotions between the characters in depth.
10,It's really... it's art to blow up emotions.I think it's my first time crying at a movie theater That's a legend.
10,I cried. When does the screening end? I want to download it and watch it again
10,Beautiful. Thank you for everything in this movie Thank you forever for making this kind of work. I love you.
9,A movie that's good to watch when there's no hope in the world
10,It was good without missing anything
6,I think young girls can watch it An adult would feel like a waste of a point. I just wasted time
1,Best Trash
10,I cried my eyes out. Violet Evergarden is the best!
1,"That emotion."
10,Just watch it. It's a masterpiece
10,It was a great movie. There was a lot of lingering feeling and there was nothing missing. It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,I'm so satisfied with the tears that are tears
10,I cried...crying
10,I was looking forward to the movie version and it was really touching and fun.
8,You can't just say what you really want to say
10,It was really fun and touching.
10,I'm really healing while watching you fight.
10,Micho... I can only explain it. Make sure to watch the legend
10,It was perfect from the beginningIt was so much funHaha
10,The best 140 minutes of my life
1,Why is this third place in rating order?
10,It's a masterpiece and an animation
10,I was so touched that I cried a lot
9,Thank you. It's a good piece
10,Life movie... Make sure to watch it
10,It was the best in my life
6,I felt my tears were too much.
10,I'm so touched just by looking at your drawings
10,It's more than I expected.
10,It's so desperate.I enjoyed it
10,It's so touching Make sure you watch it
10,[Laughing out loud and clear
6,I think I can spend this winter warm
10,It's touching. The story is good and the OST is really good. But the most impressive thing was that the painting was so fascinating and beautiful. It became the work of my life.
10,I'll give it to you. I can hear the sound of the artist's soul being split
10,It's a perfect ending It's a perfect ending.Please draw a bit more. It's a bummer
10,The perfect ending that fits the series
10,It was a really touching movie for those who enjoyed the original movie.
10,I watched it from the 1st generation of animation. It was so good
9,One of the best animations of the century!
10,wait long for one´s daughter I saw it. They said it was so much fun
10,I just want to thank Kyoto Animation for making such a beautiful animation film.
10,It's touching...It's lingering...
10,It's the first and last movie of my life
10,I kept crying while watching it
10,I was so happy with the happy ending. Both excellent composition and story were good.
10,Connect the beginning to the end. Ost is the best.
8,Anime-acquired herniation cured
10,Very good... I miss you again
10,Thank you. You cried a lot
10,I watched it 3 times and cried 3 times
10,It's very touching. Thank you
10,I can't explain anything but "awesome"
8,I had a hard time waiting at the end
10,Now I want her to be happy
7,I fell in love with the drawing and the concept was good
10,It's hard to find an animation movie that touches you deeply recently
10,I almost cried... jackpot
10,It's just crazy. I'm so glad that I can see it at the movie theater I love you KYOANI
1,I don't know why the ratings are so high. This is the first time I've done Instagram while watching a movie It's really boring It could be fun if you're 12 years old^^
10,I cried the whole timeThere's nothing more perfect than Annie
10,The video is beautiful and the story is greatIt's a movie where you can feel a variety of love^^ It's so good that there are touching parts where you get emotional and teary
10,I feel bad that the original novel can't be straightforward in Korea
10,It made me cry three times even though I didn't watch Annie. I really recommend it.The story is so touching!
10,I'm so touched. There's a cookie
10,I felt sorry for the money. I was satisfied enough that I didn't even get a grade.
10,Composed and pretty~The perks are so pretty~~~The song is so good~~~~
10,It's a movie that has a complete storyline.I don't know how to forget the aftereffects. Best movie in the second half of 2020
10,It's a prophetic movie that's about to come true! A masterpiece that shows the restrained humor unique to Japanese movies and the imagination that makes you hit your knees!!!
10,It's a great finish and a deep lingering impression
10,I didn't expect much. I was surprised because it was more fun than I expected
10,"Kanada Ramabasa Azachakapataha
10,It's the best movie of my life Make sure you watch it
10,That's amazing. Perfect ending
10,It's a shame this is the last time
10,I'm so touched by your previous work.It's too bad I didn't see the bonus after the ending
10,It's so much fun that I can't think of anything to say.I hope this comes out continuously
10,I was glad that it was the ending I wanted. The last scene is so touching! I want to see it again. I'm going to binge watch it
10,I was surprised because it was different from what I thought And it's so touching
10,It's so sad. I want other people to see this. I cried the whole time
10,I was touched by the effect of the OST sound once again.
10,It was fun. It ended with the movie version It was a happy ending
10,It's a work that's more than what you expect
10,The ending that will leave a lot of emotions with just the beauty of the video...
10,I haven't seen such a beautiful movie in a long time It was really good I want to keep it and see it every day. I cried a lot and saw a lot of emotions and beauty. It was really good
10,It was a touching story that made me cry after a long time Haha
1,It's not fun. It's not touching
10,My contact lenses fell out because of my tears Handkerchiefs are essential for women to go bare-faced.
10,I can't help but applaud their acting.I want to see you againbb
10,Anime that can't come out in Korea
10,The best movie of the year...
10,Make sure to watch it. It's amazing lol
10,I cried... (Crying)
10,I cried when the OST came out.
10,It's a satisfying ending. That's a relief.
10,It was the best animation of my life.There's no need for words It's perfect.
8,The visuals are good.
10,It was fun and touching!
10,I'm so happy. I'm glad it ended happily.
10,It's so much fun and touching. But you have to watch Annie before you go
10,I cried after a long time. I'm still thinking about whether I can experience that someday.
10,The story of Euris and Gilbert's survival were touching
10,It's a masterpiece that even makes you cry
10,The two of us watched the two of us This COVID-19
10,I cried while watching it
10,Violet Evergarden is a masterpiece
10,It still lingers afterwards... I think it's a piece of work that heals everyone watching
10,It was really good the whole time I saw it
10,I'll write a letter to express my feelings.
10,The reason why critics give you less stars is because of your low self-esteem?Did you even watch the whole series? Do you know how painful it is to make Annie go away? L
10,It was great to watch the video and the story
10,You're giving me both the drawing style and touching moments. I enjoyed it
10,It's a masterpiece that you can trust and watch
10,It's so sad but I love it
10,The last cookie video was amazing^^
1,Otaku Ugh...crying
10,It's so nice
10,Thumbs up automatically when it's over
10,You have to watch the main TV version and see this to see that it is a good work You might not know if you just watch this
10,Daewon. I had a hard time because I had a runny nose and tears all the whole time I watched it. I'm going to be on the list of my favorite animations.
10,I watched it while crying. Make sure to watch it.
10,It ended really well
10,Good Annie
10,I didn't even shed tears when I joined the army. I cried in 5 minutes.
6,Would it be fun to watch the original first?
10,I think it's a gift for those who watched the main and last movie
10,Top
10,Written by "Awesome and Awesome" Sugoi
10,Really... Make sure to watch it. I don't have time to cry... The best...
10,Thank you so much for giving us a definite ending and Megabox for showing us
10,It was good that I cried because I was good
10,I watched the movie version of "Annie" and "Violet" and I trusted it.I was so sad because of one child and it was good that the content was connected well.^^
10,It's been a long time since I saw an animation.
10,It's like Kyoto animation. The drawing was beautiful.
7,It's the best.
10,I watched it after booking because my daughter is a big fan of animation~Touched and moved^^
10,I almost cried from the beginning I really enjoyed it
10,It was perfect그리고 And finally Violet became happy... I think it will be a movie that will never be forgotten
10,Thank you so much to the staff. And rest in peace. Don't forget I enjoyed it because of you guys
10,Just look... I really recommend it
9,I watched it with the kids and I cried
10,It's an amazing movie
10,It was so much fun! It was good to see some scenes where I cried
10,I'm touched. I recommend you to watch it
10,The nth episode... I'm touched even when I watch it again...
10,I always feel sad when I see Violet Evergarden.You can conclude that it's the most empathic animation!
10,I'm going to watch it for the third time tomorrow
10,I'm so sad that this masterpiece ended...
10,It's a good movie. Fill in the blanks
10,I am so happy that I can see the last picture with my own eyes even though it was frustrating in the middle
10,I'm so happy. I'm happy. Thank you
10,She cried when she closed her eyescrying
8,It was fun
10,It was fun. I cried a lot.
10,A masterpiece! I really recommend it!
10,It was a movie that made me cry and cry when I saw the two of them hanging their fingers for three meals at the end and saw Violet jumping into the sea and going to see Gilbert. It was a movie that made me cry and cry when I asked her to go home without meeting me. What's unfortunate is that I wanted to see you two being friendly.
10,I cried twice...crying
8,a clean finish A little below the rank. A little above the rank.
10,The second half is legendary. You don't have to tell me...
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,I really enjoyed it.I cried a lot. I recommend you watch Annie first.That's how you're moved twice as much
10,The drawing... It's amazing
10,"Kyo Annie". That's the end of course
10,Major...
10,It was good to see good people Hah!
10,I enjoyed watching it.The ending is good
10,Thank you for teaching me "I love you."
9,It was nice to wrap it up.
10,Thank you for watching Kyoani crying
2,I don't know if I had to do the story according to romance. I was disappointed when I saw the score
10,Nam Joo's running speed is like Usain Bolt's
10,I can understand this even if I don't watch the animation. It's so touching and so good.
8,I enjoyed itI cried while watching itI recommend movies
10,It's fun.
10,Violet Evergarden
10,I can never forget the scene where Violet hits her thigh in the final recital The scene was very sad and sad and beautiful
10,There's no needless words! It's so touching!
10,It was touching from start to finish.I want to recommend it to my friend!If I had a friend...
9,A great finish for existing fans
10,I watched it without thinking and cried
10,Just look at it. It's
10,It's so touching I don't think I was affected by COVID-19 more than I expected
10,Make sure to take tissuescrying
10,It's a bit sad but I'm very satisfied with the movie
1,Stop looking at things like Kwak Dongmyeong
10,I'll never forget the thrill of Violet jumping out of the boat during the milestone song
10,I don't like this machine.I've gotten better.
10,I came to watch it with high expectations. I did well as much as much as I expectedHaha
10,very good very goodvery goodvery good
10,It was a truly "work" that was absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely nothing. I loved the fact that the letters that I forgot in modern society were sublimated so well into letters that people sent emotions that were difficult to convey to each other.
10,It's great. It's a beautiful video and moving animation.I recommend you to watch it.
10,It was also impressive to see the scenes in which they organized their minds by writing letters when it was difficult to convey in words and difficulties.
10,I really had a hard time holding back my tears. It was so touching and fun to watch!
9,I can't concentrate because everyone next to me is crying
1,There are so many unnecessary elements of long running time that I don't know where to feel touched.The whole theater version is rather neat.Boring enough to sleep
8,The family story touched my heart.
8,The production was disappointing.
8,Movies to watch these days. It's nice that my heart is warm We only saw each other hate each other
5,I came out because it made me cringe
10,Make sure to bring tissues.
10,I can feel so peaceful and warm.I was happy. Thank you.We mourn those who left first in the fire. Thank you again.
9,It's a movie that lacks everything
10,A handkerchief is a must I'll take it with me
10,The video was really good
10,Dear Major Gilbert!
10,I cried so much that I looked at him
10,My makeup almost got erased because I put in a lot of emotions
10,I cried for the first time while watching a movie. Violet Evergarden...
10,I really don't need to say anythingGilbert and Violet are the best
10,It was a movie that made me cry after a long time.
8,It was worth seeing. The picture is pretty. The person next to me dozed off
10,It's touching. I almost cried.
10,It's so touching! I watched it twice because I missed you^^
9,I hope the fingers we face will be by each other's side
10,This is "Violet Evergarden"
10,That's all I can say. Godzak
10,I had a hard time holding back my tears.
10,"I love you with all my heart"...
10,The movie I want to watch one more time... Violet Evergarden
9,It's been a long time since I've seen Annie It was really impressive
1,Not funny
10,I watched it twice. See you again
10,The drawing is so pretty and the sound of high quality is so delicate that it heals me when I listen to it. I can feel that you've worked really hard.
10,I'm crying. I cried a lot. crying
10,Good. There's a possibility that way
10,It's been a while since I had an aftereffect. I want to see it again by myself.
10,the perfect finish of a long journey
8,I think everything was good except that the story was too obvious.
10,I've never been so touched while watching a movie.Top
10,My favorite is so perfect.
8,Good development but poor finish
10,The process of a report becoming a letter re-enlightens the meaning of life.
1,It's like watching a Chinese mass production game
10,It's a glowing rockfish.
10,This cured my dry eyes.
10,Hey! [Really]!
10,Video beauty and touching story
10,I want to see it one more time.I might go see my plan again.
10,It was a perfect ending.
10,A movie that ends the Violet Evergarden story.
10,It's so good... I recommend it
10,I found my life movie here that I could cry while empathizing with all the characters at every moment.
10,Let me just say one thing. Make sure you take your handkerchief.
10,I'm 28 years old and it's my first time crying while watching a cartoon.It's the movie of my life movie.
10,It was so touching
10,It's worth waiting for I feel like my heart is full That's the best
10,It's my life piece You have to watch it no matter what
10,It's the best. I'm going to watch it again.
10,Tissue... Make sure to take it
10,Pinky promise
10,We have to see the end of Violet
8,It was nice because it felt like it was finished neatly.
10,I want to see you at least three more times Drawing and directing is the best
10,...I just loved it. An amazing ending.
10,I didn't miss anything from the beginning to the end.
10,Will there be an animation like this in the future?
7,I've been waiting for a long time because I just wanted to see Violet that made me happyIt was a bit of a clicheI couldn't give you much satisfaction with the development that changed from the original
10,Violet Evergarden
10,It's still sentimental Violet and Gilbert must have been happy...
10,Kyoto Animation is the best!
10,It was the best in every aspect. It's a waste of money
10,It's been a really long time since I cried while watching it
10,Annie went to see it for painting and violet
10,I want you to be fooled and watch it
10,The critics... please... If you hadn't seen the original...Don't judge me
10,The movie version of the heart-warming love ending of a wounded man and woman.
10,It's crazy...crying
10,It's sad that we can't see each other anymore
10,It's so great that people who haven't seen the beautiful animation feel sorry for it
10,Everything's perfect. itself
10,It was really impressive hehe
10,It was the best. Thank you
10,I was really sad because I knew the story
10,My mask is also wetTake care of the extra lol
10,Make sure to watch it! I'll stop here.
10,Wow... I'm glad I brought tissues
10,We've wrapped up the story well
10,The direction that doesn't leave out anything... I'm sick of it.
10,It's my first time crying after watching a recent cartoon. I highly recommend music touching and wonderful composition.
10,It was great.It's a good thing I took the best handkerchief!I was really sad because I thought we would break upIt's so touching when we jump off the boat and go to Sojwa. We both like it♥♥ I'm so happy!!!!It was totally good...I love you
10,Sadness. Very sad.Mask replacement is urgent...
10,It's a good ending Haha
10,The touching OST was added to match the story to maximize the touching. I became honest with my emotions and cried. It's really the best. I can't miss anything about the beauty of the painting
10,Kyoani left behind the legacy of mankind.It's perfect without insects.)
10,There's no need to say anything. It's touching for a fan
10,It's Kyoani's Violet Evergarden
10,I couldn't look around when my brothers were sniffing everywhere.
10,a warm film that wraps up the series neatly
10,There's no need to talk about the original sound track.
10,I'm glad she's happy now. She cried a lot.
10,The best movie of my life with the most moving and outstanding visual beauty
10,You might cry while watching it
10,There's no Annie more perfect than this crying
1,The production-type cliché is cringe-worthy. It's like watching a cheap pirated cartoon from China
10,The perfect ending of Violet Evergarden... I don't know how to express it other than this.
10,Shut up. It's crazy
10,I feel like I became an appetizer with a touching theme. To the climax. Good.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel like I went on a trip together as a typewriter for Violet.Make sure to watch it's a lot
10,The production and production is crazy and touching. Everyone comes out saying "Wow!" Make sure to watch it
10,The best masterpiece. It's a loss if you don't watch it
10,A beautiful ending to my life
10,I got goosebumps when the song was playing in the last scene
10,There were many beautiful and touching scenes.
10,I really looked forward to it and it was more than I expected!
10,When is Blu-ray coming out?
10,It was a good piece of work that didn't disappoint the holiday.
10,Time to go to the bathroom...
10,It was an impeccable movie It's sad that it's over
10,I don't need words.There is nothing missing. I cried for the first time while watching an animation.
10,A handkerchief is a must and touching is a bonus
10,It was a touching animation that I couldn't watch without cryingThat was great
10,It was worth waiting for so long. Top
2,I'm tearing up. It's a healing Friday night
10,I can cry for 140 minutes.
10,It was so touching that I enjoyed it.
10,It leaves a deep impression. It's something I want to cherish
10,I cried in the theater after a long time.Don't forget to bring tissues!
10,It's fun. It's very fun Make sure to watch it
10,The reason why all the points are spread out is because all of them are in this movie
6,It's the height of the new school. Starts with a new wave and ends with a newpa
10,Thank you for a great piece of work.
10,He's crying I recommend you to watch it
10,It's a loss of life if you don't look at it structurally.College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) D20 Choice Without Regret
10,a feeling of being swept away by emotional waves in a boat
10,It's just the perfect ending to the perfect series. It's not a waste of money and time
8,an unexpected story So I like this movie
10,It's very touching and the ending is beautiful
10,Thank you for being able to see this kind of movie this year.
10,I just went and wept. It's a work that tells me that my emotions are not dry.
10,Even if the form changes. I can feel your heart.in some form or form
10,I had a hard time holding back my tears in the middle of the movie.
10,Anime that requires tissue. It's not a secret that I'm hanging my finger at the end.It was a work where I could feel the warmth from my heart. ^-^
10,The king of sentimental animations.It's more touching when you watch the main episode.
10,I was healed of the difficult moments of this year by drawing as if I were breathing alive and directing as if I were bursting.
8,Three hours is long. It was hard to watch this on the previous day
10,A piece that's really cheating. a work to be kept
8,Surprised that it's more complete than I thought
10,It's so nice. It's even more touching to see it in the theater
10,I heard a lot of people crying on Euris Story
10,What a wonderful Annie. You can eat half of it and go in.
10,No words needed. It's just a masterpiece of my life. I don't think there's a reason not to look at this.
10,I'm still impressed with the movie
10,I watched it because I won the event. Make sure to watch it! Everyone is crying!
10,It was a relief that there was an extra mask.
10,I really like the composition and it's touching until the end. Make sure to watch it at the theater. The video quality from the big screen is amazing
10,The scene where you keep walking at the end and the lyrics of the song that comes out at the same time are implied in the sequel
7,It's hard to recommend because it's less than a video. Try your best to watch it till the end.
10,I enjoyed it A great finish! It's a great finish!
10,I'm so lucky to be born in an era where you can see these great works.
10,It's the best. It was a time of touching and healing that reminded me of the meaning of "I love you"
10,It's hard to hold back my tears...
10,You can't watch it without tears Make sure to watch it. I'll have to watch it one more time crying
9,I enjoyed watching it. It's nice to get a perk
10,I've never cried this much this year.
6,This sexual love is a little
10,I didn't know that you said that you run really fast was a double track
10,I just liked everything.The end
10,Is this a movie? It's a work of art.
10,Love is like gambling.
10,I think it's the best gift from Kyoani this year.
9,The story is predictableIt shows everything by directing a full video.Thank you to the production company for cheering up even though there was an incident.
10,It's really amazing... This is a masterpiece. I'm sure...
10,It's fun. Look at the cookies
10,There are many songs and OST songs You can cry if you're sensitive
10,I hated the phone for the first time.
10,I enjoyed it a lot It's a great movie
10,It's really the best. I should go watch it one more time
10,I reserved the first screening time on the day it was released and watched it in advance.
10,You're the best. Make sure to watch Violet
10,Will I be able to see a work like Violet Evergarden again in my life?
10,Wait a minute. Let me wipe off the water.
10,Laughs ssyet so much fun! What do you see a real and so sad and jam and popcorn naemgi
10,It's so touching
10,It really makes me feel the charm of Japanese animation once again
10,It's sad that it's over. I hope to see you again
10,A beautiful finish even if it's different from the original
10,The best composition and the most delicate sounds. I'm touched by that. The rating is 9.8. The best movie that has been very hard to watch.
10,The best... I'm happy to see you in my lifeTake an extra mask It's all wet.
10,Just shut up and get 10 points
10,I enjoyed the last episode^^
10,It's the movie of my life movie. Look twice. I don't say much. Let's not do bad things like GPA terrorism.
10,Violet. Again. You have to take your mask.
10,10 points for anti-terrorist attacks
10,I watched it in B.A.FI remember crying a lot. I strongly recommend it!
10,I highly recommend it if you like fine-grained wheat
10,We're both gonna be fine Let's do that
10,It's been a while since I cried.
9,I will say I love you when I see you again in the future.
10,How are you? I am still black and white. I loved you so much. Thank you so much for letting me love you like that.  I'm blindingly happy than anyone else. I love you.
10,I hesitated to watch it and watched it. It was 2 hours that I didn't regret
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,It's just... It's a really good and touching story because all the emotions were delivered
6,The clumsy Chinese version of La La Land
8,It's a good movie to watch
10,I've seen it more than 10 times in my life
10,How many times have we seen each other?
10,I didn't cry but at the end...
10,a movie that resonates until the end
10,Wow... The movie that lingers in my heart
10,an inexplicable sense of reality
10,It's a long and gloomy feeling. Be nice to your precious people
10,Why do I keep thinking of you from beginning to end?
10,A movie that really lingers in my mind
10,It reminds me of my Chinese girlfriend. I hope you are doing?了，?不起
6,A time when it's not our fault.
10,I'm sorry. I love you
10,What I didn't know when I was young...Getting to know as you get older...Let's enjoy the present and live without regrets ^^
10,If you did. What was it like now?crying
10,Top
10,Melo + Family Movie
10,"I don't hate you anymore..." - Ending credits
10,Make sure you watch a great movie that captures both love and family
8,The last letter was the saddest
10,The best! The best! The best! The best!
10,It's a movie that makes you think of precious people once again.
10,My Life Movie - Mint Seungil -
10,I thought it was a romantic comedy and cried a lot
8,I would get mad if I was eating ramen during the Lunar New Year and the guy didn't eat it with me and I was playing games
10,Two men cried while watching.
10,The best movie of the 21st century.
10,Let's color it together
10,Why I'm still staying in the spring when you left. Are you living well in achromatic world after leaving like that?
10,Recalling myself in the past when I lost my preciousness from familiarity. Be good at being precious and don't get used to it
10,It's a movie that brings out the purest moments of love.
10,A winter movie that comes to mind when it gets cold...
10,It's so calm and the story is so nice
10,It's a great movie! I strongly recommend it.
10,I can't get enough of it. It's so much fun
10,Love that will repeat itself even if I go back to those days
10,It's the first movie that leaves a review
10,I can't stop thinking about it.
10,I'll give you five stars Satisfaction
9,I personally loved it.
9,I hope you watch a really good movie!
10,I'm fine now and I'll cheer for you to take care.
9,I'm sure everyone thought of him after the movie.
10,I cried my eyes out after a long time
10,I can relate to all the situations and it was a good movie
10,A movie that left a long lingering impression
10,The movie that lingers in my mind when I watched it.
10,I don't have any thoughts. I think I'll be like that all day
10,The director who portrayed life in that short period of time and the calm actress' expression are spreading like ink in my past.
10,There's no need for words. the best movie
10,It's a heart-warming story where not only relationships but also relationships between father and son are mixed
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
8,Youth's love is so brilliant that its brilliance engulfs them.
9,I don't think I'm forgetting you right now
10,The subway scene was the best ever.How was it that she couldn't easily get to the subway even though she was right in front of her?
10,I loved it so much that I watched it five times
10,That's cool. You can see China a long time ago
9,How are we all doing?
10,It lingers a lot.I remembered my twenties
9,I recommend a movie where you can feel the affection and return of two clumsy young men and women.
10,Don't cross the river. I'm crying for the first time in years. A 31-year-old man. I couldn't tell you when I met the ugliest and most insecure person in my 20s. I'm so sorry
10,It's been a while since I've felt the same way. Thank you for making this movie
10,The best movie ever...poke my heart with a needle...I support everyone's love not to live in black and white
10,I don't feel the depth of this movie until I'm in my early 30s. It wasn't meant to be
10,The movie of my life that I want to watch it again
10,Those who have been separated from their loved ones cannot see without tears. Wait for the caption to go up.I was so touched.Tears
10,I cried my eyes out because I remembered my twentiesThank you for letting me travel down memory laneI won't forget.
8,"The malatang place in front of the school is gone now." It was in the ending credit... That chalk writing on the floor touched me the most. I had a lot of memories and time. The feeling that the place where the most beautiful memories of the two of us no longer exist...Is that how it feels to be an achromatic world because Ian missed Callie?
2,I turned it off 50 minutes after the movie started. I don't know why I recommend it.
10,The movie that I cried watching three times in a row. A movie that reminded me of those days. So... a movie that made him think for the first time in a long time.
10,a film that lingers in many ways
10,a film that leaves much to be desired
1,Is it a score taken by Koreans?A rating of seven is appropriate.(1 point for rating adjustment)
10,My girlfriend is crying next to me... Are you thinking about another guy?
9,Realistic and loving story
10,I love you... It's been a long time since I cried a lot
10,This movie is full of sinsThe crime of making me cry. Please see...
10,You shouldn't skip it just because it's Jjangkae
10,It's the best...Make sure to watch it...
10,Why didn't I know you were so precious then?
10,the best movie that is sentimental and sad
10,Xiao Xiao is here. You are always my family.
4,You're squeezing it out. far-fetchedBut the actors' acting was good
1,China... The country I hate the most in the world...
10,I hope Xiao Xiao does well with us
10,Although I don't have a lot of ratings! You'll be lost in the aftertaste
10,I cried a lot. I hope a lot of people watch this movie
10,I've never seen such a sad movie in my life
10,The choice of the moment of love is our relationship in the distant future.
10,a movie that anyone can be comforted
10,The ending credit was really impressive. It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,The last letter brings tears to my eyes. Will I be able to love my life with everything on the line like these people? a film that makes one think I recommend it. Watch the ending credit
10,I cried a lot while watching it for the second time. It's a masterpiece that I want to see again.
10,It was just... It was just good...
10,I wanted my tears to stop for a long time
10,Why did I meet you. I don't want you to be happy. I mean it.
10,A lot of thoughts come to mind.With tears and runny nose...
10,Really... It's a movie that impressed me. Crying and crying again. It's touching. I miss my dad
10,I didn't know that my favorite movie was made in China. But it's a real masterpiece. I became a fan of Dong Woo
10,I didn't expect anything.It became a life movie.
1,Expectations were too high (fooled by ratings...) and there was nothing to eat at the rumored feast.
10,It makes me think about what fate is. It's the best movie to act
10,It's fun. Two hours isn't boring
10,I'm sorry I couldn't love you so much then.
10,I cried deeply from the moment the credit went up... Each one of us has a special memory. It's so heart-warming.
10,It was the best Chinese movie I watched recently.
10,The best romance of my life. Korean romance is far away
10,A movie that shows the preciousness of this moment.My heart aches because I can't go back.
10,Maybe the emptiness of having everything as time goes by is because we're not there that day
9,Movies that I think of every winter
10,Poor relationships created by poor people
10,The last scene... The music is good and the appearance of handwritten signs is touching.
10,Why did you watch this movie after you got away from me?
10,I cried a lot while looking at you prettily
10,Dong Woo's acting is so good. It's a movie that reminds me of my childhood love life
9,I felt sad because I thought I would have this experience at least once
10,I can't believe this word "I Miss You" was so touching.
10,I'm sorry... I'm sorry...Thank you...
10,I'm reminded of the love I forgot!
1,Cheating on an affair... --
10,Crazy-Youngho... I still remember after a week... Please make sure everyone watched it
10,A movie that I suddenly remembered and took out again. I watched it for the third time and cried all three times
10,I shouldn't have seen it. I'm sad
10,I saw it by chance and it reminds me a lot of things when I first met my husband. It's touching and sad. It lingers a lot.
10,Ian loves Kelly forever.
10,I want to pass by like that by accident.
10,The best movie of my life. A movie that has been rehashed more than ten times.
10,There was their love for their failure together failure. a film that leaves a strong impression
10,You have to be happy no matter what. Thank you so much. I still love you. I will always be
10,I'm sorry and he's having so much fun.
9,I Miss You..It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece.I'm wiping away tears from my father's letter.It's obvious but not obvious. I really liked the video
10,I'm really happy because of you. I'm gonna miss my best friend and loved one
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,To you who are sorry and thankful for the days that words can't express in words.
10,You have to see the ending credit! Double the emotion! Run to the person you're looking for right now!
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that makes my heart flutter and lingers in my mindcrying
10,I'm tearing up
10,It's a movie that touches the pure emotions of the 80s and 90s. It reminds me of all the times I loved purely.I strongly recommend it!
2,..?Um..?
10,It's fun. I recommend itI recommend it to my friends too
10,The whole world turns achromatic
10,It's like sneaking a peek at a reunion with someone who was filled with regrets and lingering feelings that anyone who's ever been in love with will at least imagine
10,It's a lonely night.
8,It's a movie that you can't think of anything
10,I hope you're not as happy as I am. I hope you're not as happy as I am
10,It's more touching because it's realistic and not flashy.
10,I missed you.
10,The achromatic expressions were all great and I cried a lot while watching it.I cried more because it was so realistic
10,I missed you.A movie I'll never forget
10,It's like reading a book
10,It's a masterpiece. Her acting skills are amazing. It's so touching
10,It's dreary. But it was good to remember this movie.
10,A movie that makes one side of your heart ache
8,A deep love story that could be a little heavy. Common mistakes of men and patience of women in relationships. And what you know and what you get after you break up. It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,I have a lot of thoughts.
10,Everyone must have a longing person in their heart. Will the moments when we know each other so well that we can't hold each other to get through this reality together for so long remain a regret for us in the distant future?
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot It reminds me of the person I always have in the back of my mind...How are you? I thought we'd be together forever
10,Make sure to watch it. I don't regret it
8,A movie that's more heartbreaking because it's expected to end in the middle
10,It's a movie that makes my heart sad and sentimental.
10,I can't get enough of my favorite movies
10,I miss you who made my youth shine
10,It's a movie where you cry a bucket of tears because you think of someone crazy.
10,I miss you. I miss you who loved me when I had nothing and didn't know anything.
10,My favorite movie... Thank you Joo Dong Woo for breaking all prejudices when there was prejudice in Chinese movies
6,I'm very sentimental... It's not sad... I don't even remember my old love
10,Jose tiger and fish is one of the best movies in my life. I want to watch a movie that reminds me of cigarettes and I'm sorry.
10,It was the most heartbreaking movie in my life.
9,It's so sad.The main character is like the ugly me before
10,How are you...?
10,I cried my eyes outThe past is my future energy
10,It reminds me of old memories of my youth and I can feel the warmth of my father.It's been a while since I've seen the ending credits.How are you doing with the movie?
10,This movie is crazy! I cried so much that I didn't even know if it wasn't Netflix.
10,I don't remember how many times I saw it. I cried my eyes out. Make sure to watch it.
10,Can I express my painful love more beautifully than this?
10,Love is timing. That's the perfect movie. I think it comes true when you meet good people at the right time.
10,(Crying)
1,I was deceived by the rating
10,Even the most frustrating feeling...I saw it well.
10,A movie that wasn't boring at all
10,It's a movie that tells you that there's a beautiful love even if we don't end together
10,I saw a good movie after a long time.
10,It's a drama that really lingers.Make sure to watch it ^^
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,I was so sad at the end. Dong Woo is so charming
10,I can't fall asleep easily because the past time is played with the movie. I missed you and thank you.
10,The movie I watched until the captions went up
10,The first movie I want to watch several times
6,a warm but unsympathetic emotion
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot.
10,A movie that made me feel that I should express my gratitude and love for the people around me. It makes me think a lot.
10,I met you in my memory
10,You're the biggest regret I've ever had
1,Wuhan pneumonia
10,Ian loves Kelly forever.
10,The letter that my father left to Xiao Xiao is the most memorable. The father's deep affection for Xiao Xiao more than his son. I'm choked to hear you come back anytime.
10,It's my first time watching a Chinese movie
10,A movie that makes me cry...
10,Splash into Xiao Xiao's charm.
10,Why did I shed so many tears throughout the movie? Why can't I fall asleep easily and look back at the contents of the movie one by one.
10,I watched it without much thought and cried. I'm hoping that the person you loved will live well in the future
10,It was all love...
10,I hope you are doing well :) I miss you.
10,Watch it till the end of the movie
10,Our love is a sin
8,A movie that makes you cry while thinking about your past relationship. It would be better to read a book.
10,It's heartbreaking that I can't go back because it was beautiful. So I miss you
8,I am sad. I am afraid that I will make the other person unhappy because of me
9,My heart is full of pain and enthusiasm. That we were all someone's reason.
10,It's a movie that lingers for a long time! It became my life movie.
10,It's crazy. Just watch it. I turn it on before I go to sleep and cry.The acting and the video were especially good
10,A well-made trick that makes you cry over all the precious relationships in this world that are heartbreaking because they can't last forever
10,The actors and the OST are crazy...
10,Just thinking about it makes my heart numb and lingers in my mind
9,For the love that has not been achieved all over the world.
10,Dong Woo is the second axiom...He is a reliable actor.
9,Joo Dong Woo? Joo Dong Woo!
4,Will you be able to relate to it more when you see it later on?
10,Everyone has an unforgettable love
10,It's so sad. I cried my eyes out.
7,I'm sure he's doing fine
10,Raise your hand if you think of anyone while watching
10,I recommend it when you want to watch it while resting without thinking.
10,I'll love Ian and Kelly forever
10,It's a movie that makes me feel hard. I won't be able to forget it.
10,Sadness. Tears.a heartbreak
10,Tears are falling down
10,My heart aches.
8,It's such a realistic way to express beautiful moments
10,La La Land in China. I could feel the unique sensibility and atmosphere of China well. Thank you.Thank you.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It's lingering
10,I want to do my best not to leave any regrets
10,"Say sorry before you lose your precious tooth. "Say I love you before it's too late"
10,Tears... Look...
9,It's a movie that's good for healing because it has good visual beauty
10,My favorite movie. I have nothing more to say
8,I remembered the words of someone who lamented that I had already met such a good person
10,A movie that makes my heart flutter... I watched a good movie after a long time!
10,a poignant film
10,It's still lingering. Why am I about to cry just thinking about it?
10,The most lingering movie I've ever seen
10,I cried for a long time even after the movie.
10,Human connection is...I cried at the end.Relationship with parents... Relationship with the opposite sex...I remember my Korean teacher told me that life is +-0.
10,Why did I see this now?
6,I couldn't really relate to it didn't
10,A movie that makes you feel what's heartbreaking
10,The movie of my life lingers in my mind.
10,I don't know the meaning of tears around my eyesWhy are tears flowing?!
10,All I can say is that you're crazy.
7,Yeoju is so cute. I can relate to the price of a house in Seoul
10,"If everything worked out as you wished?" "You'd have everything." "Except for each other."
10,It's only after I lose someone precious that I realize.Please cherish me when I'm next to you
10,"We'll both be fine."
10,I think a lot of emotions come and go while watching the movie
10,What is this Chinese movie that was made with pure ingredients while watching Korean movies decorated with elegant taste? Anything else? I can't get over it
9,A common but uncommon romance movie
10,I'm so sad that I can relate to it and my humble reality and end of the year emotions are mixed. Will love come to me again?
10,A movie that reminds me of the past
10,When did I miss all the colors?
10,be moved to the end
10,Is it a bad feeling to wish Xiao Xiao well again?
7,Koreans who curse China like that but are moved by Chinese movies
10,A movie that brings back the meaning of love in life. The weekend is full of longing.
10,I couldn't open my eyes for two days.
10,I miss him so much that I won't be able to see him again for a long time.
10,It's perfect.It's so nice. It's a movie where our lives are melted
6,A good movie that gives a glimpse of modern China
10,I just drop it without realizing it. What do I do with the emotion that Jen Ching's father gave me
10,I think it would be warm if anyone could put such a person deep in their heart and take out a particularly difficult day and reminisce.
10,Ten-Tang-Tang-Tang: Shower-Shower is here too! It's the most memorable^^
10,This is a movie
10,Love can be hard when life is hard.Heartbreaking movie.
10,The best movie that lingers
8,The love of youth is like a mirage.
9,We make love and part. If you didn't break up... I wonder if they're seeing each other well.
10,Tears in my eyes...I'm sure he's doing well
2,I just want to skip Chinese moviesI don't know why it's ranked 10th. Is it because the number of Chinese people in Korea exceeds 1 million?
10,Actors' acting is the best...
10,A movie that is fascinated by Joo Dong-woo
7,Let's be good when we have time.What's the point of regretting after breaking up?
10,It reminds me of you. Haha
10,What a beautiful and painful movie.
10,Ian loved Callie forever.The two met again and the movie was colored.It is so sad and painful to think of the two people who will love each other forever.
10,I didn't know this masterpiece. The aftermath is terrible.
10,Wept until 5 a.m
10,I hope you watch it.
10,The best movie of my life...
9,It's like yesterday when I was happy. I didn't know I was happy. I have a lot of thoughts
10,It's been a long time since I watched a romance movie while sobbing like this. It's a masterpiece that you'll always think of when it gets cold!
10,I got 10 points because of my grandfather
2,It was a movie that I saw somewhere
10,A day where I feel shabby because there's no one I can do everything with
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year It's still lingering
10,I felt that everything was great. I remember the moment when the achromatic screen looked for the color.
10,It's a masterpiece that really touches my heart.
10,I'm sorry. How are you? We were so young back then.
10,I don't know why the line that says we're going to end up breaking up anyway...   A movie that reminds me of someone I'll never forget. Make sure to watch it
10,I can't get rid of my lingering feelings.
10,Will you be fine without me?
10,The movie that goes into my fingers all my life is still lingering.
10,It's just so sad...
8,I feel suffocated
10,It's sad and touching
10,My heart feels numb.I cried after watching a movie after a long time
10,I liked you back then and me back then. I hope you're doing well.
10,Are you doing well?
8,Nam Joo is bad... I like this movie better because of my father in the latter part. The heroine is cute. You look like someone.
10,It's a realistic love story that I can relate to.
10,It will be the best movie of my life!Every expression of the main characters touched my heart during the movie There were a lot of scenes that I could relate to. I think it's a masterpiece I cried so much.I hope you all watch it at least once!
10,Chou Dung-wee has a charming charm in a cut of crying and smiling. His ridiculously bright smile and deep sadness remind me of actor Kim Go-eun. I recommend it just for Zhou Dongwei.
10,I keep on looking for movies...
10,Ian loves Kelly forever.Jinah loves Junik forever...
10,It's the best movie of your life. I hope you watch it until the end.
10,I just watched my favorite movie five times in a month
8,Love is Taaming.
9,Would you feel the same way after watching this movie?
10,Please watch it. It's just crazy. It's such a great movie.
10,I saw you when you were a boy because of Dong Woo. It's really lingering
10,How is he doing now?
10,The movie of my life...I can't stop crying crying
1,I'm surprised that Ahn Jae-wook's friend's song was originally sung in China
10,The movie that broke my heart that the prettiest youth of the two of them doesn't exist now
10,It is a movie that is a lesson and an education that is a big standard for making life from beginning to end. I cried a lot because it made me feel many things. He told me what was right and what was right.It's a movie that made me look back on a lot of time... Thank you.
10,It's my favorite movie. It's early in the morning.As if it's going to shine tomorrow
10,What am I going to do with this lingering feeling?I'm heartbroken.
10,I've been listening to my favorite movie OST for a long time
10,I wish I'd seen you earlier
10,It's touching at the ending credit It's a very good movie.
10,Actor Joo Dong Woo who you can trust and watch.It reminds me of your wedding.
10,Ari's been living with memories. Stay healthy. Don't get sick
10,A good movie to watch when you miss your old love
10,It's just a movie that reminds me of someone
10,Oh... I saw it better than I expected. It's a movie worth watching.
10,I'm watching it one more time.Movie that reminds me of my first love when I was young. Movie that reminds me of my parents.
10,I hope you watch a movie that really lingers
10,The first movie of my life
8,The first love that wasn't mature and the unconditional love of parents...I cried my eyes out at the end.Your parents' love... It's so touching crying
10,I watched it crying for two hours.Because I had an experience of breaking up with someone I loved and bumping into on the side of the road in the distant future.I was so sympathetic when I watched it. The ending is also very realistic.One of my favorite movies.
10,The movie that I pick as the best movie in my life movie.
3,There's nothing that I can relate to
10,I wish I had a lot of mixed feelings about how many cigarettes I smoked.
10,Just look. Please...Unconditionally
10,You're amazing. You're so good at acting and you're so into it
10,If only I could make memories with you like that
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression. I think it expresses the memories of first love very realistically and sadly.
10,It's gonna be a sleepless night
10,fine precision now in one's 20s and 30sYou were my youth.
10,I'm sad that I've been feeling down to earth for a few days now and it's realistic and realistic
10,It's great. I watched a heart-wrenching movie a long time.  It's like a lingering image of a glass castle a long time ago.
10,I cried my eyes out after the breakup. Realistic production and the actors' performances full of energy are really impressive.
10,A movie that I want to watch for a long time. Love is not easy but I think it's hard and painful. I will remember it and show it to him in the future.
10,It was the best work I've ever seen in my life
10,If that was the case...If you didn't do that then...What about our present?It makes me think a lot.
10,Wobbled between infidelity and reason.
10,I don't watch Chinese movies. This is a masterpiece
10,I want to see it again when I get older.
10,Painful and beautiful...
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that broke my heart. The moments that I couldn't express honestly while liking it passed by. What would it have been like if I expressed my true feelings then?
10,It's a movie about Dong Woo
8,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,My heart is still... I shouldn't have seen him in the fall
10,A movie that I want to watch again in 10 years
1,I need a parking space now rather than in the distant future with a parking ticket
10,I hope that time lasts forever. We will never come back
10,The movie that made the two main characters cry more when they loved and were happy
10,It's so touching. It's a movie that makes me think a lot... Look twice. Look three times. The prejudice of Chinese movies is goneMy heart is so warm and bitter
10,I'm sorry. I miss you
10,Seeing you at dawn makes me cry and it lingers for a long time
10,It lingers in my mind. sentimental
1,Your daily life is rigged by the Communist Party
10,Why do the main characters keep crying even when they are happy?
8,Can you only look at the person without money and hope? Can you win the heart of a person if you have money and hope?
1,This is the highest rating for Korean movies
10,It's better to see them again. I like their love
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,I watched it while sobbing. I can't forget it.
10,I miss you. How are you?
8,It's a movie that reminds you back to the past
10,The heroine is so attractive. I couldn't take my eyes off it for a second. It's a heartbreaking realistic love
1,I wasted my time watching without thinking.
10,Chinese version of La La Land with reality and sadness
10,It makes you sad but not sad
10,"Both of us will do well"
10,I stared blankly for a long time
10,It's a movie that lingers for a long time. I think it's become my life movie
10,Ian loves Callie forever
10,Just... watching it twice a year.
10,It's a movie that makes you feel numb
10,The story of a time when you could be more innocent because you had nothing more to lose. You didn't stay with me after all the hard work I've done for you.
9,My heart aches. It makes me feel warm. I can feel the pain in the young people's life...
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,My heart is pounding
1,I hope all the Chinese people will be nice ^^
10,It was so sentimental and nice. It's still lingering.
1,I really don't like it
10,I Miss You.A movie that reminds me of someone I missed.
10,I enjoyed watching it. I miss you
8,This house draws all the tears from the ending credit
10,It was a very relatable story. I think I felt emotional. I think it became my favorite movie.
10,My heart was warm because I watched a calm and sweet movie after a long time. I was a little sad about the black and white reality.
10,A movie that strangely lingers like a love letter. I think I meet the most perfect person when I'm not perfect. What would it have been like if we met now that we've matured?
9,I think I found something missing
10,My heart aches... It can't be a kite unless it's just the right?
10,There's no need for words. 100 points! I have no choice but to be a fan of Dong Woo
10,I folded it in. I think the achromatic story will be about me and you soon. I'm tearing up
10,My time is still at a standstill on that day.I always think of you when I feel empty.I miss that season so much that day.
10,A movie that makes my heart sink.
10,The last three minutes were a touching movie
10,It's a movie that expresses youth well
10,I think this is the representative melodrama of China. A work that broke the prejudice against Chinese movies.
10,I miss you. I met you immaturely in 11 years since December of 2006 and now I want to meet you by chance and have a cup of coffee. Kim Eunjung... I miss you
10,A more realistic La La Land narrative
10,Why does my heart keep hurting? I think it's the story of all of us who have experienced it in our youth I can't forget my father's acting. It was a really good movie.
10,a bag of steamed bread for the eternal in the hearts of their rich men
10,Parents don't want their children to do well As long as you're healthy
10,It's my first time writing a rating and it's really the best. Just look
10,My favorite movie
10,I watched it without thinking. It's a touching masterpiece
10,The time I can't go back.
10,I watched it with tears and runny nose.Don't be fooled by the familiarity of movies that make people feel the importance of you
10,I want to go back to when I saw you That's how much I want to cherish it that much
10,Make sure you watch it until the end. I didn't know I'd be so sad watching a Chinese movie. My heart aches at the thought of my first love.
10,My touching love story
10,Everyone has a season they can't throw away
6,There's a difference between dim and pathetic
10,A lingering impression that's deeper than La La La Land
10,I was just attracted to the title and cried until the end of the movie. A movie that made me think blankly for a long time even after the movie was over.
10,My favorite movie
10,I enjoyed it I want to say I love you to the person next to me
10,It reminds me of past love. It's a movie that reminded me of myself who broke up after having a pure love. I'm so sad that I won't be able to get out for a while.
9,Say sorry before you lose your precious tooth And say I love you before later
9,I feel sad and sad. My acting skills are amazing.
10,a moving film / crying spring
10,I fell for it without realizing it.
10,A movie that you'll feel the same way even if you watch it 10 years later
10,I'm gonna go see my parents tomorrow.
9,A movie that you won't regret/ Joo Dong Woo is the best
10,I'm so sad that I couldn't watch it at the theater
8,I think there must be at least one person that comes to mind while watching this movie
10,It's one of the most memorable romantic movies
10,The movie that lingers in my mind...
10,My life is...shadow
10,It's not until it's over. It was a movie that made me think a lot.
10,The best Chinese movie I've ever seen.
10,A movie that comes to mind when you watch it once. What if we didn't break up after Lin and Xiao Xiao reunite? The conversation we have while doing continues to linger in my head. A movie you want to watch again and again.
10,It's a movie that makes you feel sad and wishes for everyone's happiness
10,It's a heartbreaking movie
8,Xiao Xiao is here. Eating at home is the best
1,It's made into a movie of imagination that abandoned probability and rationality.
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece My heart aches when I see it
10,Two interpretations of I miss you. It is interpreted differently depending on the situation and position
10,I remember the desperate days of you and me in my tears in my heart
8,It reminds me of a song called "Yu-Nak-Young..."A good movie!
10,I finished sleeping today
10,A movie that recalls the love of the past. a tear-jerker
10,I love you. I want to say I love you. Thank you.
10,The afterglow spreads gently and finally digs deep. I want to recommend it to all the people I care about next to me.
10,It seems that missing the person who shared the most difficult moment is something you will miss in your heart for the rest of your life.
10,We're not in those days today.
10,A movie that you want to cherish and watch again
10,A movie that reminds me of the person I miss the most
10,How much would I have regretted if we hadn't met again when we broke up? The mere thought of it scares me. Thank you to us for enduring that time
10,A movie that pulls out tears and runny nose.I finally found my favorite movie.
9,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,It was really good. It reminds me of my first love
10,This movie was so good. I feel sad even after watching it. Both actors and actresses are so good at acting.
10,Ian and Kelly love each other forever
10,I watched a movie that made me think a lot after a long time.It reminds me of my parents
10,It was like us back in the day.
10,Thank you and I'm sorry and I loved you
10,Things you know after you break up
10,A warm gift to myself as I grow up.
10,What made us miss?
10,Tell her I'm sorry...I personally liked it better than La La Land. : )
8,My youth was dazzling because of you! Thanks a lot! And I'm sorry.
10,A man who can't catch a woman even if he wants to because he knows she'll have a hard time with her on the subway the day she broke up.
10,I miss you so much
10,I'm so frustrated. What can I do now?
10,A movie that reminds you of your pure love life
10,Actor JOO DONG WOO
10,Life is about timing.
10,It was so sad that the current time when the two reunited was expressed in black and white. It means they didn't come together.
10,It was an opportunity to think about Chinese movies again...
10,to become a movie of one's life
10,Whoo... I agree. A movie that makes me cry because it resembles life.
10,What do you mean you cried all day? I only cried for half a day
10,"Ian loves Kelly forever"
10,It's the best
8,I cried my eyes out at the last letter from my father.
10,The movie that made me know Joo Dong Woo and Jung Baek Yeon
10,I want to meet you again and say hello before I get older and uglier.
10,be lonely...I had a lot of thoughts.
8,Ian loves Callie even though the whole world is achromatic
10,It was a movie that reminded me of my past relationship.
10,The movie was so good that I thought I should have saved it more.
10,It's a movie that makes you think about love that anyone would have experienced
10,gb...
10,The movie that I watched without anticipation when I got emotional while watching the rain falling outside the window. My heart aches so much This is the first movie that lingers after a long time since Jungkyung Forest.
8,It's sad to meet a good person when you're the ugliest and poorest person in your life. An actor named Joo Dong Woo has a strange charm
10,My life and... There were so many parts that I could see... It was a movie that comforted me. Really... comforting my life...It's so touching. It's amazing...The movie.
10,I couldn't help it. I feel lonely and sad.
10,He expressed the story of his first love very well.It's been a while since I last remembered her
10,About love
10,It's the fourth movie that I happened to watch
10,A film that showed that love is more beautiful to regret
10,It's such a good movie.It leaves a deep impression.
9,Only after I left did I realize you were the most precious.
9,It's a movie that reminds me of us back then.
10,It's a movie that reminds me of the love that's left in my heart.
10,How are you? But I don't think I can go any further. Just take care of me
8,Dong-woo Joo seems to be very qualified for the modern Chinese Melo
9,I cried a lot. - I wondered if I had this memory. For young lovers today. - I wish you happiness
9,A movie with a good ending credit. I hope you can live a moment that you don't regret afterwards.
10,a film that evokes indescribable emotions
9,The longing is achromatic and bluish in the green days.
10,a heart-rending movie
10,"Say sorry before you lose your precious tooth". "Say I love you before it's too late"
9,I miss you. Live well
10,The movie you recommended to me.Why did I watch this movie after I broke up.I don't think I'll ever.I remembered you bawling throughout the movie.Would we have been different if we hadn't?
10,The movie that made me know the actress Joo Dong-woo
10,a heart-rending film
10,I watched it without thinking and spent a night where I couldn't sleep without thinking.
10,It's touching
9,I cried... I cried again
8,Meeting and breaking up like fate... What is love?
10,a film full of feelings I really like Joo Dong Woo's acting.
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,A movie that I want to show my daughter when she grows up
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,a heavy moving film
10,I think I watched a very moving movie after a long time. It's the best.
10,The story of a movement-mad dictator stepping back and becoming a feminist!
10,It's a movie that Faye should watch.
10,It was a cool story
10,Make sure you watch it. It's my favorite movie.
10,This is an Indian movie that I watched after a long time when Bollywood was popular 10 years ago You've made a lot of progress ~ From Pana's Amir Khan handsome actor to acting actor! I didn't know it was reduced by 3 hours :)
1,Indian Gukppong Femi Movie Worst
10,I enjoyed watching it again. It's the best!
10,I'm tearing up Touched for real! ^^
10,It's the best movie ever...
10,Prejudice. Change your views and pursue new things
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen recently
10,I'm so touched. Children who obey their parents and follow them silently will succeed in the end
10,I'm so proud of you.I've never cried because someone was so proud of me
10,No need for words... not boring for a second over two hours
10,It's really fun. I strongly recommend itHah!
7,a tearful emotion
10,Dangar dangar gagar gagar joon jaun joon jam
10,Serious touching and a thorough hosting.Strongly recommend
10,I happened to see it and it's a good movie. It was by far the best movie I've seen recently.
10,the triumph of the patriarchal father's feminism
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year.
10,How can I finally see such a masterpiece? It's perfect enough to lack 10 points.I got goosebumps the whole time I watched it.
10,It's a really well-made movie. It's a movie that gives you fun and touching lessons
9,The running time is long but not boring.
8,The character's personality and dramatic fun go head to head in a very familiar situation.I hope you overcome prejudice and enjoy the fun and touching moments.
10,a masterpiece of humor and emotion  Indian Women's Dream.
10,It's so much fun and even the music in the middle is so witty
10,It's a must-see movie. It's touching. It's a movie that makes me think that I should not give up for the women who will come after me every time I give up something
10,The Best Touch and Best Direction
10,It's touching and fun. I recommend movies that make 2 hours and 40 minutes feel like an hour
10,I regret not seeing you at the movie theaterIt's the best
10,It's a movie that doesn't waste nearly 3 hours
8,It's a touching story that you can watch for a long time without knowing the time
10,It's a great piece of work. It's amazing
9,Watching a touching Indian movie again after a long time. The match scene between father and guitar is impressive. The music was good and touching. I learned about women's wrestling and it is fun to see the 88 Seoul Olympics on TV at the beginning of the movie.
10,It's been so long since I saw a satisfying movie. This is what a movie is...  It was the best...
8,A sports movie that captures both emotion and fun! The development and story of a long running time that is not burdensome at all!
10,It's touching and fun. I lost track of time
10,It's so addictive
8,It's a good movie. I got emotional when the Indian national anthem came out
10,Best movie in Bollywood history
10,10 points is a waste of my life
10,A movie that teaches a great lesson that a woman can succeed only by following her father's words.
10,Confusing! It's a movie that gives you confidence that women can do anything.The chemistry between a father and a daughter who believe. I lost track of time The movie gave me confidence that women can do anything.The chemistry between father and daughter who believe. I lost track of time
10,I really want to recommend one of my favorite movies.Dreams come true
10,It's a movie that'll be sad if you don't know it
10,It's really fun I understand why parents' teachings are important
10,Crumbling... Crumbling... Crumbling... Three Idiots was the best movie of my life.Danggal
10,This is a movie... It's a story that makes me cry even without Shinpa. I was really touched. Amir Khan's film is written...
10,Why am I crying?
10,Why did I watch such a good movie now?
10,I lost track of time with my 10-year-old son
10,The father's affection and dreams for his children and his passion to break gender inequality through sports are touching
10,Applause for my cousin's sacrifice that even my brother can't keep up with.
10,A dynamic and thrilling movie!
10,It was my first Indian movie and it was the best choice! I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. Touching true story.
10,It's just a perfect movie. I really like this kind of movie
10,Amir Khan's movies are always the best
10,I didn't know Indian movies were this high
1,Curry type PC touching
10,Best movie without words.
10,Life family movie. Make sure you watch it
10,It's fun as if I've seen a good movie
10,Fun and touching best movie!
10,I'm getting goosebumps that's real story
10,Danggal~ Danggal~ LOL I didn't know that the game of wrestling was so exciting. It was fun. ^^ Danggal~Danggal! ^^
2,I think it's an eight-point movie.It's good. It's worth watching
10,All she achieved was a victory for every girl
10,Will my father be able to take center stage in me in the prejudice and ridicule of the times?He wanted to compromise. He wanted to give up.Why is the music of the movie so good ^^ It made me watch the movie interestingly without knowing that I didn't know it was a long movie
10,I watched the final with my hands together and crying.
9,The running time was long but not boringCrumbling~ It keeps moving around
10,A movie that I want to give 10 points to
10,I wasn't bored the whole time
10,2 hours 40 minutes The movie is not boring at all. Tears welled up
10,A good movie without missing anything. Amir Khan is awesome.
10,I recommend exciting music and tears.
10,(Playing word chain game)
10,It's such a great piece of work. I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
10,This is the best movie of my life. I've never been so thrilled and moved while watching a movie. I was surprised again by the fact that it was the real story at the end. It's the best movie of my life
10,Flustered! They're all the best!
10,I want to watch the movie Danggal.
10,I like Indian movies. It seems simple but touching. I enjoyed it^^~
10,A woman can wrestle === A man may not go to the army
10,It's the best movie evercrying
10,It's a great movie Please watch it
10,Perfection itself is awesome
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch it
10,a small effort to create a gender-independent world
10,It's a touching story. I'
10,Indian movie after Three Idiots. It's the second time.I love it!
9,Amir Khan is really an Indian treasure. It's ringing in my ears
10,I want to give more than 10 pointsI hope you watch a movie that doesn't need explanation
10,A movie that broke the prejudice against women wrestling in India. It's a really fun and cool movie.
10,It's the best movie ever I'm lucky to see a movie like thisI lost track of time
9,It's a bit disappointing because it's based on a true story (because it's a true story
10,I watched it twice and it's still fun and touching
10,I didn't know the time went by and watched it.It's so much fun!
10,India's best movie you can trust and watch
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time. I should've seen you in the theater! Danggal danggal song is addictive
10,I should have seen this kind of movie in the theater. I can't help but be immersed in it. This is what movies are like!
10,I'm 100% focused on watching this. This movie is the best
10,It's been a while since I watched a meaningful movie
10,I was choked up when I was on the phone with my father and cried really hard when I heard about the Indian country.
10,It's the best humanistic movie with a sense of family love. I highly recommend it.
10,Why did I just see you?
10,a father who presented his daughters with life
10,I don't know how many times I've seen them
10,Child actors are so cute and funny
10,Anyone who wants to be a professional will wake up at 5 a.m. if they watch this movie.
10,It was touching! I strongly recommend it as a family movie
10,It's crazy. I cried a lot
10,I won't forget the spirit of danggal!
10,Give me the coach. Why isn't the beating coming out?
10,a film in which a woman achieves wrestling success
10,Amir Khan doesn't disappoint either.
10,I kept wondering if my father was right
10,It was a good movie for my family to watch together
10,I'm very emotional and dynamic
7,It's an obvious story. It's so touching. It's worth watching. DanggalSweet and sour
10,It's a shame that such a good movie didn't make it the best movie of my life
10,I want to give you 50 stars Good job
10,Rumbling~ Rumbling~ I keep humming. I love Bollywood because of the song. Rumbling~
10,A movie that I want to show to kids
7,become Ali
10,The houses with dads and daughters. Please watch it together.
10,A movie full of emotion and fun. It's a shame that the movie is coming to an end in the latter half. I'm so lucky to see this movie.
10,Movies that you want to watch
10,Touching and crying
7,The director who was interfering until the end. If I had added some endings...
10,It was so dreary that she didn't share her daughter's son and just looked at her as her own child
10,Crazy... even Socio like me had tears in his eyes.  I didn't expect much. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that helps change the perspective of women despite its long running time
10,I like it so much!
10,The best movie is not a bummer. I watched it with my mom because I was bored and she said it was a good choice Strong women are the best
9,A really good movie
10,There was no time to be bored because it was not a predictable development. It's a movie that's full of passion for wrestling. It's a real sports movie!
10,Ambitious girls are the best
8,It's worth seeing. Gold medal!
10,I didn't expect much. I'm so touched. I think it's going to be the best movie
10,I thought it'd be boring -- it's not boring at allTears naturally
10,It's so touching
10,The thought of the coach makes me angry. A fun movie that makes your hands sweat. It's even more amazing because it's a true story.
10,The movie is great and fun! It's a really good movie.
10,The greatest masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,The quality of the game scene is the best. I thought you were watching a video of a real police officer
10,It's like I watched my favorite movie in a long time ago It's really fun and touching!
8,A moving movie is enough
10,A movie that I want to show my daughter when she is born
10,the best movie
10,a film of a woman and her father
7,It's a really fun and touching true story movie
10,Crumbling~ Crumbling~ Film director who shows his father's true love. Go away
10,I'm so touched!!!
10,The movie is really fun It's not boring. It's the best!
10,The guitar barbitta is so cool! I did it in the end up doing it!
10,It's the best. I can't watch long movies because I'm impatient. I watched it for 2 hours and 40 minutes
10,I watched two Indian movies. I enjoyed them all.It's like making a movie that's really like a movie.It was so touching and fun
10,A movie that is so interesting that long running time doesn't matter at all! I watched it with my family because it was so much fun. They said it was a great movie and enjoyed it. I really recommend this movie!
9,The power of Bollywood! Now I can understand the world. The OST that comes out as babies is so exciting and good
10,It was amazing that such a women's rights film came out in India. I was happy to share the overwhelming joy that I couldn't say.
10,I didn't expect to be so focused on the wrestling scene. We filmed the stadium really well!
10,My favorite movie is Danggal
10,It's 100 out of 100.It was a movie that I wouldn't get tired of watching again.I highly recommend it to everyone!
10,I'm so sorry
10,It's just... perfect!
10,It's a masterpiece that broke the prejudice of a Bollywood movieThe fun of seeing Indian culture is added
9,Amir Khan is an actor you can trust and watch
9,Indian movies you can trust and watch
10,A great movie that changed my ranking!!!
10,Awesome! A new discovery about Indian movies! ♡♡
10,The only t-shirt in the movie is that the guitar ears are not wrestling ears.
10,The most memorable movie...
10,The long run is not boring at all I strongly recommend it
10,It's so funny
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I was really interested in wrestling after watching this movie. It's a good movie to watch five more times even if you watched it twice.
10,That's so cool. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
10,Look at me. I was really crying
1,Wow.
10,Indian wrestling. Time flies!
9,The best work I've ever seen in India!
10,This movie is really fun and touchingIt's a masterpiece. The comic and moving parts make you laugh out loudI wasn't just letting you go of the movies that weren't funny
10,I'm crying. Trust Rancho
9,It's a story that's so predictable.It's impossible in Hollywood.A movie that can only make 'Balliwood'!
10,A great deal of effort turns good luck around.
10,Touching. It's fun. I recommend it's fun
10,It's so nice to see you do your best
8,EBS does it for us. India is definitely dancing and singing! I'm starting to look at it with "Wow! Is this for real? The movie that I watched until the end while sitting as and the Indian women's rights were well melted into the story.
10,It's my first Indian movie and it's so much fun in the world
10,10 points is a shame. It's the masterpiece of the century
10,This is a movie...I cried with...That's cool.
7,Proud Daughters Overcome Discrimination Against Women
10,Amir Khan a great actor. I thought you were a real retired wrestler.A line to the local wrestling preparation committee chairman(?) "You have to fight fear first. At least my daughter has overcome her fear."
10,The main characters are so cool
10,It's the best. I lost track of time and watched it! It's a moving and instructive movie
10,Listed as the top 10 best movies of my life
10,A movie that made me cry... Awesome!!!
10,You have to shut up and watch Amir Khan!
10,Touching... The OST is great!
10,It's my first movie to log in and get a rating.I'm going to show my whole family today I really lost track of time I think it would be good for a family movie! I can already see what my father likes 올해의 Movie of the Year
10,It was so much fun.Very good recommendation
10,This kind of movie always guarantees above average
9,A warm movie. I enjoyed it.
10,I didn't know that 2 minutes of sports are so touching.
10,It was fun. Indian style movie. You'll know if you say it^^
10,Oh my!!! Three idiots came to review and went off on this road. This is so much fun. A storm in shorts and a t-shirt is approaching. A storm in shorts and a t-shirt is approaching~~
10,It's so funny Make sure to watch it
8,A true Indian hero story. Good
10,It's so touching and instructive
10,a masterpiece with a laugh and a touch that breaks the prejudice of Indian cinema I even cried watching the last winning scene.I'm going to look for Bollywood movies
6,You can watch it when you have time. It's not enough to take the time to watch.
10,I can't get used to singing if it's fun
10,It's so fun and the music is so exciting I've been listening to it on YouTube
10,What a touching true story! I recommend you to watch it
10,It's a well-made movie. I can trust and watch the Indian movie Amir Khan
10,A movie that's more interesting because it's a true story.The lyrics of a song that comes out when children are trained are fun.^^ Melody is excited too~
10,This is a masterpiece.
10,The story of a great father who respects his daughter not as a woman but as a human being and raises her as a hero in India. Like Helen Keller had Sullivan!
10,It was a perfect piece of work
10,Frustration. Frustration
10,Remsang's life movie gives me goosebumps.
10,India's best crap is the best movie of my life
10,I enjoyed it because I was immersed in it
10,I saw it on TV and it was fun
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
10,I cried without realizing it
10,How did you film the wrestling scene? Shim Kwon-ho is going to fall in shock.
10,Luxury goods of different quality from extreme jobs
10,Best Film Beyond Three Idiots
10,That's the best. I purposely found Danggal and gave him a rating
10,This movie goes without saying. I didn't expect India to film this kind of movie. The best movie of 2019
10,It's a very touching movie Hah!
10,Your father is amazing.
1,People who give high ratings to psychotic films that self-deprecate and destroy differences...
10,More than a movie.It reminded me of my fatherThank you to the director and the cast for giving me a time of laughter and emotion.I almost ignored it because it's an Indian movie. You should watch it
10,I strongly recommend it until the very end
8,It's not comparable to a Korean movie called Wrestler.
10,I enjoyed watching it so that it wasn't boring
10,It's been a while since I watched a moving movie It was a movie that I couldn't take my eyes off Thank you so much
10,I really like Indian movies.It's so much fun. How did you make it like this?
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
10,What's more surprising than the movie is that it's 100% pure real life like Mickey Ward's life story fighter...It's literally true story.The slow motion in the backdrop at the end was so funny that I couldn't stand it.Wrestling Olympic gold medalist Guitar Fogat Babbitta Fogat sisters and their father
7,a sporty movie to watch
10,It's so touching^^
10,The guitar barbittas are so cute...Hahaha
10,There was no boring section even in the long running time of 160 minutes.
10,It's been a while since I watched a masterpiece movie
10,Showing that this is the role of a good parent
10,Khan's performance and thrilling game scenes that made India impossible to ignore
10,Best movie that feels 2 hours and 40 minutes short
10,I'm sorry I didn't watch it in the theater. It's really the best to find me who keeps finding my life movie in Indian movies.
10,I think it's more touching because it's a funny and touching movie
10,Raised the standard of Indian films.
10,I'm getting older
10,I'm glad I watched it with my dadIt was so touching
10,I don't need words. It's a family movie. It's perfect for children's education
10,It's more interesting because it's a true story.It was fun
10,It's a well-made movie. I almost cried from time to time to time
10,The long running time was not boring. Timeliness is a bonus to touching and fun!
1,I was really sleepy. I don't know why I'm watching...
10,It's a movie that I want to show to those who claim to be a feminist
10,Korean national team...It's much better than handball
10,It is an honor to see such a movie. Bollywood is the best.
10,It was a very enlightening and unique Indian movie based on a true story. I think it would be nice to watch it with the children.
10,I lost track of time. Actors are good at acting and making Indian movies
10,It's 5.5 trillion points out of 10. Make sure you watch it
10,Why did I watch it now? The one to watch in the movie theater. It's the best sports movie of my life. 2 hours and 40 minutes felt short I feel like a lot of time is being worked out... all the wise sayings of one's
10,Amir Khan's movies touch more than anyone can imagine every time. I respect you with all my heart. Thank you so much for the awe-inspiring movie and acting
8,The birth of the Indian version of 'Rocky
1,How a predictable range of production works cheaply
1,try redfighgf
10,Touching... Story...Message... Family love... It's really nice
10,A true story movie that deserves 10 points
10,One of the most important Indian movies to watch
10,You're so cool. Ddang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-gal
10,That's cool. The hero of the country and the girls. It's really cool.
10,Indian movie... I treated it like trash.Sports movies...I treated him like trash."Danggal" changed all my thoughts.
10,This is a real feminist movie
10,Any bureau on Chang Han Road has an objective account.
10,It is more than 2 hours movie but feel less than 1 hour
9,A really well-made movie based on a true story.
10,I cry. All women will cry after watching this movie. I can't help but cry whenever the main girls do something.
10,It was not boring at all for a really long time and I really enjoyed it. Hella funny 
8,I can't believe that women's wrestling was this fun. I'm rooting for the Olympic wrestling. I'm always rooting for Indian movies
10,It's the best... It's the best...It's the best... It's the best.It's the best... It's the best.
10,Family hero story...
10,I highly recommend it as a family movie.
10,A real family movie that makes you realize the importance of family.
10,A thrilling wrestling scene!
10,It's so touching. It's my favorite movie that's movie
10,I hope more people will watch this kind of movie.I was touched and comforted by the movie. I could feel the love of my father
10,I want to learn from them. Real heroes
10,It's so much fun. I cried a lot while watching it
10,a meaningful film He's cooler and more respectful than any other hero
10,Rita and Babita. It became an unforgettable movie. I want to be this kind of father to my children.
10,I cried while watching it with my mom
10,It's the best movie ever. Amir Khan is the best
10,I met a good movie after a long time.
10,It's the best. Make sure you watch it My life's rare work
10,There has never been such a danggal before
9,It's a simple and calm movie
10,A film about wrestling matches and the fight for women's rights in India
10,It's a true champion to go their own way when people around you laugh and mock
10,The best movie ever!Flustered~~♬
10,It's a great movie. It's amazing
10,The guitar player and father's family are really cool. I was really impressed.
10,It is such a great movie that I am sorry to say that it is interesting.
10,It's so much fun
10,It's more touching because it's a true story of Amir Khan
10,That's so funny. Wow. This is how Indian movies are
10,It's a really good movieI want to show this movie to my daughter
1,Striker Persuades All Parties to Equal Opportunities for China Guofeng
10,A beautiful movie that you don't want to miss every scene!
10,I didn't know that I would be touched like this in the life of an Indian female wrestler and her father. It's even more touching because it's a true story. But the story of a young guitar and a babita is so cute. It's both pleasant and touching
10,The guitar is so pretty. It's pretty
10,The best movie. It's so touching
10,This is what girl scan is all about.
10,Do whatever you want to do
7,a well-organized Indian film
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie.It's touching.
10,Perfect movie. Best movie of my life. I'd like to thank the producers for making this movie.
10,I want to give him more stars than 10!
10,The resolution of my life has been made.
10,I'm crying. Thank you very much
10,It's been a long time since I've seen democracy
10,It was better than any other movie. Crumbling
10,A true story like a movie. The influence of father Han on his children
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,(Singing "Dang-
10,I've seen the movie twice.
10,I've seen the movie twice.
10,The movie I watched before watching this is even more comparable because it's a Korean movie called "Wrestler."
10,I don't need words.Fun and touching
10,I just watched this movie and fell in love with the guitar and babita like crazy...
10,jam unique to Indian movies
4,I can't believe it
1,How can this be 9.46??
10,I can't forget the touching and fun.
10,It's really fun. It's the best movie
10,3 hours passed so fast. It's the best movie ever
10,A movie that will greatly change the perception of Indian movies
10,I really lost track of time and watched it. Best Indian Film
10,The running time doesn't feel long.
9,I could learn a little about the culture of India. And father and daughters were good at acting.
10,Make sure to watch the best movie!
10,I remember what my dad said to the guitar before the final at the end of the movie. It is a good move.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It was good. It could happen.
10,It's the best movie that makes you know what father's love is.
10,A good movie! I recommend it! Please watch it
10,I hope it'll be shown for a long time.
10,Sport is a human victory!  It's a pity that you can't enjoy all the results of your efforts.
10,Feminism but also fun
10,It's the world's biggest racketeerNot more than Queen
10,It's the best. Play it every holiday
10,It's the best. It's so touching
10,A film that shows the truth that a woman's life shines with challenges and adversity
8,160 people who know how to consume feminism!
10,It's the best movie of my life
9,The story of a wonderful father and daughter! But Amir Khan doesn't get old. Please keep showing us great movies
10,It's more touching because it's a true story. a true hero story
10,I trusted Tom Cruise Amir Khan from India and he was so funny.
8,Amir Khan's typical sports theme film composition
10,It's not funny because it's so obvious. Tears came out
1,No.1 or a part-time job?
9,You made it well. It's warm and it's better than us.
1,It's time to adjust the rating.
10,It's a movie I want to watch again
10,It's an amazing movie that'
10,I realized that this movie is 3 hours long while running to the bathroom. Don't drink too much coke crying
6,You're already starting to get interested in wrestling. I feel sorry for the real coach who will be blamed for this true story-based film
10,A movie that will make a man cry...
10,I enjoyed watching it. I recommended it to people around me.Is there still a way to see it?
10,It's a perfect movie! Indian Film Awesome
10,The commercial fun is great and the way women grow and deal with conflict is outstanding.
10,Very good interesting
10,A movie that overcame discrimination against women! The world seemed to turn upside down when the guitar won.
1,I personally don't like it
10,I enjoyed it. It's so much fun
10,The best ten masterpieces of my life
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
10,It was fun. It was okay
10,My family watched it in tears. a good movie
10,A gem-like piece came out of Bollywood The story music screen composition is all sophisticated.
10,The Indian movie is amazing. It's so heart-warming
10,The movie that made me bawl is the best
1,Obvious... bored to death
10,Kylie Irving's cousin looks good on you
7,It's not this high...
10,10 out of 10!
1,It's not honest to give a high rating
10,I was Indian for two hours and forty minutes.
1,This is number one?
10,Only those who haven't seen this movie can play it. You can't open it if you see it.
10,It's really great!!!
10,I really enjoyed it It's touching
9,I like Indian movies. The characteristic of Indian movies is that the classic story of life based on true stories is not boring Another Indian film that learns new perspectives and perspectives
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,I don't need words. Life movie!Flustered
10,I love the sense of immersion Recommendation
1,It doesn't feel overrated I have it.
10,Amir Khan movie that you can trust and watch
10,I saw this and did a hair style
10,It was the best movie evercrying
10,You're perfect as a wrestler I thought I was playing a game
10,Are you watching Naver? NAVER! Please download it I miss you so much that I can't see you because I'm not here.
10,A movie that captures both emotion and fun. You can trust and watch Amir Khan.
10,I thought I was watching a real game. I love them all
10,I enjoyed watching it.
10,It seems to be a touching moment.
1,That's so funny
1,Adjusting the GPA because the caterpillars suck too much.
10,A very well-made movie. Impressed and humorous.leave a lingering impression
9,Miracle where I sit still for nearly 3 hours and never feel like I'm wasting my time
10,This movie is crazy. It's really crazy.
10,It's been a while since I focused on a masterpiece
10,No need for words.
10,Indian movies are amazing and well-made
10,It was really touching.
10,I couldn't sleep all night and watched the movie. It was so much fun that I had no time to relax.
10,There are a lot of hard-working votes for the movie. I can't believe the material itself is amazing and it's real. I think it's right to put this much effort into it.
8,Indian movies don't disappoint you
10,It's really fun. "Spring with my fist clenched until I sweat."
9,Touching Life Story of Father and Daughter Reversing the Prejudice of the World
6,It's a real hero story
10,Amir Khan... I want you to film me please
10,Personal Indian film best three idiots Bahuvalli and Danggal
8,Daddy's trying to kill us!
10,My life is the best movie ever. I don't think I'll ever see a movie like this again. I strongly recommend it.
10,The most touching sports movie I've ever seen
10,It was a really good movie
10,A movie that reminds me of my father
10,There's a bit of a high rating...I'll still give you 10 points
10,Why isn't the vod coming out? I want to see it again
2,Moderate rating. The rating doesn't make sense right now
10,Thank you very much. It's my first time crying while watching a movie
10,I recommend it!
10,It's the best movie I've seen in years
9,It's a good movie
7,It's a moving Bollywood.
6,Wrestling looks so much fun
7,It's a moderate Indian movie.
10,If it's a real stadium...
10,I think it's a movie that has both fun and touching moments
1,This is for rating balance. This is higher than the Shawshank Escape Terminator?
10,It's touching and fun!
9,It is a movie that left a good memory about Indian movies.
9,I won't regret it. You keep telling me to write 9 letters. I'm done with what I'm done
10,It's really a masterpiece! It's not a big deal. Seriously!
10,What the two sisters are doing right now seems to be retired and somehow coaching
10,It was the best movie ever. a long but short film
10,Three hours just disappeared. You're so immersed.
5,Indian film that can only be done in India.
10,This is why I love Indian movies.
10,It was a fun and moving movie that I want to watch it again
10,It was the best movie
1,There are a lot of part-timers
10,It was more fun than I expected!
10,The maximum amount of fun and emotion that can be given as a sports movie...a full-fledged film
10,A movie that won't be forgotten even after 10 years
10,Movie runtime is long but fun
6,The running time is unnecessarily long.Conflict in the movie... It looks childish.
10,A movie that I want to cherish.  I can't stop singing
10,It was really interesting. I caught both fun and touching rabbits.
10,Nice movie. Make sure to watch it·Masterpiece of moving masterpiece
10,I think Good Good Indian movies are fun
5,There is a strong Hollywood style that takes out a lot of the unique taste of Indian movies. What's unfortunate is that it's too long. I feel like I'm meeting a chatty friend who talks more when I think it's time to wrap up.
10,It's the best movie ever~~ I came to understand India
9,I really enjoyed it. A Hero Story of India!
10,I saw the jam. The guitar is so pretty
10,I still feel reassured when I walk while listening to Danggal OST
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,It's really fun
10,The second movie of my life after Three Idiots!
10,The message "I can do it" always touches the heartstrings.
10,A movie that I really want everyone to watch
10,I couldn't go out of the theater because of the tears that didn't stop even afterwards  I will trust Amir Khan and watch it It's the best movie and I think I found the best movie of my life
10,I think it's the best movie of the year. I was so into it that I didn't miss a second
10,It's fun! I want to watch it again I hope you can get it on N-Store later 오래 I want to see you for a long time.
1,I'm sick and tired of Indian movies I'm sick of it
10,A movie that I want to recite 10 points
10,A spell that comes to mind like a danggal RZL
10,a delightful and powerful film
10,Very good movie. Touching.
9,I really like it. I came running because I wanted to work out on the way out
10,I cried a lot when I heard that I had to win for women in India.
10,I think it's one of the best movies in my life with analog sensibilities that I want to recommend confidently to everyone
10,It's so funny that I can't help but cryThe wrestling match is tense
10,It's the best. It was perfect from beginning to end
8,The rating is so ridiculously high that I am writing for the first time in my life. Is this better than Shawshank Escape? The movie ended from the beginning and ended no different from the prediction. What's with the heads that give 10 points? Three idiots are twice as good.
9,It's fun. Make sure to watch it
10,The sisters are so pretty. Laughing and crying
10,Amir Khan did it again
8,An interesting movie based on the times.
7,Just a well-made wrestling movie.
10,It's not a perfect movie. But it's a good movie.
1,Hello! The rating is the highest. This is the fairy who guesses the rating. ^^
10,I hope the best DVD comes out soon
10,It was the most interesting movie I have seen recently Crumbling
10,I want to recommend this movie to people around me
10,The Power of True Facts on Women's Human Rights
10,I can't stop singing Crumbling
10,The problem is that there's no time to get bored when you go with the rules of familiar sports movies! It's been a while since I watched a movie and laughed and cried.
10,You're the best. I held it in and cried at the end.
10,I'm rooting for you even though it's Indian kkkppong. A sports movie that you can relate to and fall in love with more than American Gukppong
10,How many times did you cry and laugh throughout the movie?It's been a long time since I felt the joy. I'm touched!
10,It's so much fun!It's a movie that really taught women that they can do it!It's so much fun to laugh and cry
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It was fun. Make sure to watch it. So sweet
10,You can trust and watch Amir Khan movies!
9,It is also a movie that I would like to recommend to the Korean national team that is currently preparing for the World Cup. This is what sports spirit is like
9,I think I watched a movie that was fun and cool and gave me energy after a long time
10,I'll give you 10 points no matter what
9,It was a movie where I laughed and cried with someone I didn't know and ended up talking to
10,an obvious story but not an obvious background
10,It was as fun as I expected. There's a reason why the ratings are good.
10,The best movie I've seen this year!
6,India national team...Bored after the middle. Singing is addictive.
10,A movie that makes me think a lot
10,It's touching and there's no time to get bored I must have lost track of time. Make sure you watch it
10,Dad's commitment to making the world wider...
10,The best movie running time doesn't feel long.
9,I'm amazed by Amir Khan's serious acting
9,Let's wrestle! Confused~ ♪
10,The best movie of the year that truly touches and laughs!
10,There was no movie that touched my heart more than this. A great narrative against oppression and prejudice based on a true story. The development of events that are never boring and the theme of the movie delivered through them resonates with the audience.
10,I've seen it twice with the kids. I never knew Leslie was such an interesting sport
10,A masterpiece! Shouldn't you watch movies like this in your short life?
10,It's so funny. I lost track of time
10,Indian movies are always the best!
10,Two and a half hours are not boring at all
10,I keep thinking about the strategy for advancing to the finals.
10,It's definitely the best movie I've seen this year!
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's really the best
10,I hope more people can watch it
10,It wasn't boring. I was nervous and moved. It was so much fun Indian movie Danggal is the best
10,It was a very moving movie.  a true story of a great sportsman    It's a big hit after "Three Real Gans"
10,What a moving movie!
10,Indian movie with Amir Khan
10,It was a movie that made me believe that people can overcome the limit. It's been a while since I saw such a touching movie I cried a lot and left a deep impression You're the best! Really!
10,I watched it while getting nervous I didn't know wrestling was this fun! It was amazing how Amir Khan changed from his youth to his oldI strongly recommend it!
10,I didn't expect much. It was touching a good movie
7,I think it's a good movie to watch with my familyI enjoyed it
10,The best movie ever!
10,I'm surprised it's based on a true story. It seems that a true story like a movie is melted by utilizing the characteristics of the medium of movie 120%.  I want to see it again.
10,The only movie that I can't get enough of even if I watch it two or three times
10,What makes a real hero and a father?
10,It's the best. Indian movie you can trust and watch
10,It's fun even though it's a long running time
10,A healing movie that I found after Three Idiots
10,It's fun. I recommend it!
10,It was the best movie I've seen in years!
10,Best movie I've ever seen
8,This movie was the original motif
10,20OOO Best First Half Touching Movie
10,I really want to recommend this movie!
8,Everything about sports movies that are funny and touching
10,There's a typhoon wearing a T-shirt and shorts
10,I was happy. I'm so glad to see you.
10,It's the best! It's really the best Avengers and other Avengers-like fun. It's actually more fun!
10,erqwerqwrwerr
10,They're really good at making Indian movies
8,Crumbling! It's a movie that makes you want to live a hard life and become a great woman.
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,It's really a shame that I watched this movie late. A movie that would be nice to rerun.
10,Calm and touching. Thank you. I made it well
10,I really enjoyed the first review
10,I really recommend a well-made movie~~^^
10,Fifteen zodiac signs go to class.
10,Don't need more words!
10,Make sure you watch it at the movie theater. Cheer up with a lively musical atmosphere!
10,A movie that makes you clap automatically! I feel sorry for my life that I don'
10,This is a movie. This is a movie
10,It's a movie that I couldn't take my eyes off for 3 hours and I hope everyone watches it
10,There's no need for words!@@@~~~~
10,You have to watch this. It's really fun A true hero's story without any pretense
10,It's so much fun. It was a shame that it ended even though it was a long movie.
6,It's just like a movie to watch.
1,This is the rating for adjusting the rating
10,It's a joke. Let's just watch it. Gyeonggi Province is realistic.
10,Exciting songs keep ringing in my ears. The best movie that captures both emotion and fun!
10,It's so much fun. Make sure you watch it Becoming a movie of my life
10,It's not a waste of time and money that I would have been disappointed if I didn't watch it!
10,It's the best! It's really the best!I was so angry when I cut my hair. There were funny scenes. I laughed and cried. I was so nervous that I watched itLOL
10,My hero was here. The best hero movie of my life.
10,I cried and laughed... I lost track of time and enjoyed it. the best movie
10,It was touching. It was fun!
10,I shed tears of emotion for 3 hours and came out...That's 10 million movies
10,The guitar and babita in the child roles are so cute. Even the nieces and nephews ^^*
10,Put down the wrestler and put up the Danggal
10,It's a masterpiece that's
10,I miss you again...I have nothing else to say but NAVER keep telling me to open it
10,It's a really good movie.
10,It was so much fun
10,Thank you for your son. It's fun.
10,I lost track of time! You melted what you wanted and it was warm!
10,I'm going to sing a danggal danggal song It's not boring at all. It's very immersive
8,A movie that makes 160 people happy.
10,Wow! The movie is awesome!
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Oh! That's Wangdu teacher!
10,An impressionable sports movie that isn't obvious. The content was full and I didn't get bored even though the runtime was long. It was good that it was covered in various ways from family love to success story. The licorice roles that appear here and there are also fun.
10,I lost track of time ^^ GOOD!!!
10,India is really... There must be something great.
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. I recommend it to those who haven't seen it because it's a very fun topic in India
10,It's more realistic because it's a true story
9,I found out after watching the movie that the running time was 160 minutes. The excitement of the game scene is unprecedented.
10,10 stars is not enough
10,It's a fun movie that'll make you bumble on the way out!
10,I can't believe this kind of movie is done once a day during lunch time
10,It's touching and fun at once.
10,The best! I'm so touched
10,It's my first time writing a score. It's amazing. It's so much fun
10,It's a touching movie and it warms and warms your heart
10,It's not boring. It's fun
10,This work has been fun and crowded throughout the show.It's a pity that there aren't many theaters.It's a good movie for teenagers to watch.I had a great time with my daughter~~
10,It was really good. It was even more surprising because it was a true story. The actors were amazing. It was fun and touching. It's also good for family movies
10,A movie that expresses the story of fathers and daughters who fight against prejudice in the world
10,I couldn't argue that it was the best movie of the year.
8,My father's acting is good...One of the drawbacks of Indian films is that there are so many unnecessary music insertion scenes that this film is not out of the category either
10,I lost track of time even during the long running time
10,It was a very happy movie after a long time.
10,A movie that you really need to watch
10,It's touching and fun^^
10,I'd like to recommend everyone to take a look. Frustration... I'm singing along without realizing it.
10,It was touching. And it's a true story!
8,It was beautiful. The passion and charm of India
8,A good movie after a long time. I like the main actor's acting
10,Well-made movie. It's worth it
10,I was so moved that I couldn't get bored.
10,It's really fun Make sure you watch it
10,(Singing "Fall in Love")
10,I'm touched!
9,Confused... It was good except for the excessive patriarchal narrative.
9,The story of a character fighting against the inertia of social prejudice. Let's not get a free ride on history.
8,It's a touching story.It's good to watch with your family.
1,Wrestling in India's arms gives you the smell of curry in your sweat
10,This is a true women's rights film. I cried from a man's perspective
10,I never knew wrestling was such a bloody sport
10,It was nice to be able to enjoy the story of a real hero.
10,It's not a movie that reminds me of my dad. It's touching
10,I got goosebumps about 21 times. The best
10,It was so much fun!
10,It's fun! I hope you watch it
10,Touching and fun at once
10,I enjoyed the long time without any boredom^^
10,Gang-gal-gal-gal-gal-gal-gal-gal~ The song is so addictive
10,The movie was really good and no one asked me to take my handkerchief.
9,It is 10 times more fun than Korean movie Wrestler!
10,It's 100 times more fun than AvengersIt's been a long time since I saw a movie like this I strongly recommend it
10,I can't believe wrestling was such a fun sport.a moving film
8,This is a well-made wrestling movie.
8,It's fun. Movie recommendations
10,I saw Danggal today and it was so nice I don't understand why there are so few theaters Look at this
10,I had a lot of fun.And it's so touchingPlease watch it. I recommend it
10,My parents loved it
10,That's the best. I couldn't hold back my tears. That's the coolest thing ever. That's a woman!
10,A movie that never gets boring. I cried because I thought of my father a lot
10,I'm going to buy it when I download it on NAVER
10,It's the best! It's really fun.
10,A must-see movie. Amir Khan is the best.
9,Guitar and Babita. You look cute when you were young^_^ Cousin is so funny LOL
10,Please increase the number of theaters...
9,It's great. It's not obvious.
10,I was saved by this movie.  I laughed at first and cried at last.
10,This is it. Bollywood is the best. I was so into the guitar that I thought I was going to become an Indian. Amir Khan is so cool and good at acting. It's such a great movie. A masterpiece that impresses you with its loud directing ability without twisting it.
10,It's more touching because it's a true story of a movie that's never boring
9,I wonder what women's wrestling in India will be like at the next Olympics.
10,A dream-making film that you can't help but love.
10,It was really fun. I couldn't believe it was 2 hours and 40 minutes It's a movie full of love and emotion. I recommend it
5,I can sympathize with us a lot 20 years ago with our sentiment as the host country of the 88 Olympic Games.
10,Awesome! This is more heroic than most hero movies! It's so much fun! You're the best!
10,It's such a touching true story!
10,I strongly recommend it. Make sure to watch it·
10,It's the best movie ever. It's not just a touchy-feely thing either
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it Make sure to watch it
10,Best movie. 10 words or more
10,A masterpiece that doesn't get boring for a second
10,Don't look at other things just because the running time is long. Look at Danggal! It's fun because it fills up the show time. Clumsy...
10,I lost track of time based on the best movie
10,It's been a while since we had something fun
10,A movie that shows why the running time is long.It's a movie that contains the most process.
7,Hollywood production of Bollywood based on the true story of Bollywood and Hollywood
10,It was a time to look back on my life
10,I can't believe this is real! Amir Khan is amazing!The movie that I want to give a perfect score!
10,I cried and laughed for 2 hours and 40 minutes. It was so touching that I didn't even know how it went It's the best piece of art
10,I was immersed in watching it without knowing when the long screening time passed.It's an Indian film no less than three idiots.
10,It's definitely the best!!!
10,1010101010 masterpieces.Do we need more words?
10,I watched the movie because my eldest daughter recommended it and it was so fun and meaningfulThere aren't that many theaters. It's a bit disappointing^^
10,It was a good movie after a long time.
10,A movie that can give a score of 20 out of 20. What if it's less fancy?What if it's not complete enough?You really feel the beauty of art when you capture real dramas with real stories.Entertainment. Touching messages. Joy is the best!
10,It's really fun. It's a great movie
10,Great movie! It was hard to find a movie theater. Why don't you promote this masterpiece in Korea and hide it?
10,It's fun. The movie I watched well this year
10,The movie is really good.^^ I'm so touched...And it's so realWhen are we going to release a movie like that?
10,The poor reality of a woman in India and the image of a father and daughter overcoming it are very touching.
10,It was so much fun!
10,It's so moving that I can't believe it's based on a true story
10,It's the best movie. Music acting. I can't forget everything
10,It was so much fun. I was so immersed in the game
10,Confusing. Confusing. Confusing
10,It's fun and touching
10,Danggal danggalu~ The song still lingers in my ears~I really enjoyed itI'm actively recommending it to people around me
10,It's a very good movie.I like people who are older.
10,Make sure to watch Danggal. It's been a while since I watched a long time ago
10,Crumbling. It's me who's saving myself.
10,I was very impressed by the Indian painting
10,I saw it on CGV and it's a really interesting and clever movie.It was better than the Avengers. I want to recommend this movie.
8,The last forced move is forgiven. Crusty! Crusty
10,It was the most impressive movie I've seen this year
10,Amir Khan. Three hours of running time wasn't long at all
9,A movie that won't waste time even if you watch it many times
10,Perfect! That's all I can say!
8,It was so touching.
10,It was fun! The real hero story
10,Change is achieved only when it breaks the general framework.
10,It's a movie that makes me sing along without realizing it. I strongly recommend it!
10,Please increase the number of theaters You don't want to make money?
10,I didn't know that the running time was long and fell into it.It's really touching and the stadium makes my hands sweat
10,I can't stop hearing the sound of my mouth! It's been a source of my strength lately.
10,The movie that I enjoyed twice
10,I watched it twice. I'm thinking about when to watch the third one.
10,Make sure to watch it! Make sure to watch it! It's not boring at all
10,It's very good and I'm just jealous.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that lost track of time. I think it is a movie that shows the deep taste of Bollywood movies. It's a good movie where Amir Khan's acting with his eyes conveys the emotion.
10,It's so charming. I lost track of time ^^
10,I recommend it. It's the best
10,Both the children and the adult sisters are in sync. I waited until the kids grew up I thought the shoot went on.
10,Father is great. He overcomes himself. Life reversal story is always cool
10,I really enjoyed watching it. A movie that receives positive energy. Fatherhood and Sports Growth Drama
10,A movie that makes you cry and laugh regardless of age. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,I'm so bored that I can't even get enough of it!
10,"Dola" is fun. I remember it for a long time. Indian movies are amazing. There's no scale like SF. That will do just as well.
10,a film against prejudice and oppression
10,You can trust and watch Amir Khan! He is a great movie star who always catches fun and emotion in one go. I lost track of time.
10,I don't know why wrestling is so exciting and fun
10,I loved it. The background music was unique and it was fun. It was fun and touching
10,It is my first time to Pyeongnam.Good
10,I had a hard time finding the theater because there weren't many theaters. It's fresh and cool while faithfully following the grammar of an authentic sports movie!
10,It purifies rotten eyes after watching wrestlers
10,Unexpected hit movie ^^ I really enjoyed it.
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch itcrying
10,Child and guitar roles are so cute
10,A true hero movie is the best!!! Flustered!
10,There's no need for words. Make sure to watch it.
8,It was a fun game movie. The beginning was so funny
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed watching it.
10,It was my best luck to know and watch this movie.
10,I watched it with my girlfriend and it was fun!
10,It's so much fun
2,I had a really deep sleep. I'm relieved of my fatigue
10,It was so much fun that I got stars for the first time
10,It's been a long time since I saw a heart-throbbing movie
10,It's the highest score out of 10!
10,It's better than the Korean movie "Wrestler" in the neighborhood. I enjoyed it.
10,It's so funny
10,I cried watching it. It was so much fun
10,I really enjoyed it. It's touching
10,I finally saw itIt's really funYou're the best
10,It's a mysterious movie where even the forced parts naturally
10,a real major movie masquerading as minorities
10,That was the best sports movie I've ever seen. Clap clap
10,A movie that didn't feel like three hours of running time was long at all.  I was able to immerse myself throughout the movie thanks to its novel material and addictive music. It was a movie that I thought it was a good thing to watch.
9,A reality more like a movie than a movie. I really liked the calm and touching story ^^
10,I really enjoyed it. I knew it was almost 3 hours away... Amir Khan who really trusted and watched from 3 idiots!! It was an honor to see a masterpiece again in the theater. I promise again that I will live a strong life with the shudder. You're the best!
10,It's really fun. No words needed
10,Best movie of the year. 3 hours of running time was like 30 minutes.
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it! It's really fun. You won't regret it
10,A movie that's not worth the money even if you watch it 10 times
10,Touching! Wrestling game! Spring with sweat in your hands
10,It's a movie you'll regret if you don't watch it
10,It's a movie that's both touching and fun! A movie that makes Danggal urs look back on their parents' kindness sometimes A movie that is good to watch with family. A movie that makes you interested in wrestling sports
10,the paternal love of a hot father Her growth is hotter than that.
10,A moving and fun movie
8,I liked the unique melody and storyline of Indian movies. The actors' acting was especially great
9,It was a well-made movie
10,You're the best. You can trust me
10,The best! Your story and acting skills are the best!
10,It was the best movie I watched without anticipation. I really lost track of time. Amir Khan's presence is amazing!
9,I had a blast! The wrestling was so nerve-racking and cool
10,It's my first time getting a movie rating. It's crazy. It's a shame that these movies don't have theaters or a lot of time. I really enjoyed it Make sure you watch it
10,A movie that is appropriate for both touching and laughing. I never knew wrestling was such a tense sport.
10,A good movie. A moving movie
10,2 hours and 40 minutes passed so naturally  The movie music is so interesting that it sticks in my ears.
10,It's not a waste of 10 points!
10,I'm surprised it's a true story. 2 hours and 40 minutes went by so quickly
10,The best... This is the movie
10,I cried my eyes out and watched the best movie of my life
10,It's so touching and fun!!!
10,I was so moved that I shed tears from time to time. It was a rediscovery of Indian movies such as the love between father and daughter and the excitement of sports called wrestling!
10,It's a good movie. I think this is what a great movie is like. Thank you!Namaste!
10,I enjoyed watching "Not at all
10,It was really fun~~ It's been a while since I've seen this. I could feel both emotion and fun.
10,It was so much fun. It became my favorite movie
10,Movies based on true stories are always touching.
10,I've never been bored throughout my running time The song lingered in my head and the content was so full that it felt like something stuck in my head
10,My father is a coach in life...
10,Crusty! Crusty!
10,It's so nice. I saw it three times. Why this good movie was released so late and there is no song. I couldn't get it anywhere.
10,This is the first movie that I wanted to see again as soon as I came out of the theater.
10,I really recommend it. The best...No words needed
10,It was fun. Now I know wrestling is such a fun sport
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that's like a movieI'm so sad that I got 5 starsI really didn't get bored!What an Indian movie!
10,I literally lost track of time. I'm just getting out of the movie theater. I think it'll be touching even if you watch it with your family. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's fun. Recommended movies for families
10,I strongly recommend it! It's so much fun~~~
10,It's really amazing! It was crazy funMy favorite movie
10,It's such a great movie
10,It's the best movie. It's a movie that makes you focus until the end
10,You must see Korean women at least oncecrying
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun
10,The song is so addictive that I keep thinking about it. I really recommend this movie
10,It's one of the top three movies of my life. Great! ^^ Addictive songs and touching and humorous stories. Make sure to watch it ^^
10,Make sure to watch it. You're the best
10,Most emotional people are left with a slap in the wrist for Korean movies
10,The first movie to score
10,It was the best movie of my life!
10,This is a real hero movie :)
10,My daughter is funnier than "Avengers"!Haha
10,A movie that doesn't feel like a long running time! Time flies! Don't watch anything else. Make sure to watch this
8,The first Indian movie that I enjoyed watching
10,A real hero. It reminds me of a Korean fencing reversal. It's so touching
10,It's really just made.I want to see you again.
9,Make sure to watch it at the theater!!!
10,The way India changes its patriarchy. a clumsy but meaningful task
10,It's the best movie ever. It's really nice to watch with the kids. Recommend.
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.
10,There is no need for words. Legit!
10,The movie of my life... A movie that anyone who is desperately challenging for something can relate and cry
10,I watched it without knowing the time was passing.
10,Watch it. I won't say much It's been a few years since I left a comment
10,The movie where I felt my father's love. I think it will remain in my heart for a long time
10,It's been fun and moving for over two and a half hours
8,The best movie I've seen this year.
10,It's been a while since the movie touched my heart and made me laughI strongly recommend it because it would be nice to watch it with your family
10,A movie that has no choice but to give 10 points. It is sad that it is not comparable to a Korean wrestling movie that is shown at the same time
10,A movie that makes me think India is my country
10,I watched it as interesting as the three idiots. I lost track of time
10,Let's watch it no matter what! Danggal!
6,They know how cool they are. It's a little obvious. But it's fun. The downside is that it's too long
10,You can watch this again at the movie theater.
6,Exciting music and wrestling are somewhat popular.
10,Don't look at the wrestler. Look at this
10,I can't be the only one. 3 hours felt like 10 hours a new school in the year of the twelfth century
8,A little bit of regret and a lot of emotion about human rights!
10,The wrestling scene was very thrilling and nice
10,It's a movie where I lost track of time and was immersed in it It's fun and touching
10,I think it's a relief that you went to see it alone.My heart was so full that I shed tears That's how touching the movie is!
10,I've already seen it twice. It's not boring at all and doesn't feel long.
10,The best ★★★ the best ★★★
10,There's no need for a compliment But there's no theater
10,The impression of sports is really big. Amir Khan has aged well!
10,This is a true story
8,A film that proves I was right
10,Too bad there aren't many theaters. When will VOD come out?
1,Amir Khan Becomes a Virus
9,I respect Indian movies
10,No Bollywood-specific musical elements. Simple story development. Amir Khan movie that you can trust and watch
10,It's been a long time and it's been so much fun. There was no time to be bored from start to finish. I enjoyed it so much that I left a review for the first time. I strongly recommend it!
10,I kept crying while watching it. It's touching
10,I can't believe 3 hours went by so fast. It's a great movie
10,Thank you. ^^ I hope other people watch it too
10,It's a lot more fun than the Avengers! This is the movie!
10,It was so much fun. It was so moving that I could cry    I strongly recommend it^^
10,Really watch it. The best movie of the year
10,I was immersed in it and enjoyed itI think you made a good movie
10,The eyes and ears were pleasant and the story was good. I thought of my father a lot the whole time I saw him.
10,I didn't even know the time went by and watched it! It's really funcrying
10,Indian movies are worth it  Like three idiots
10,It's the best Indian movie ever.I loved the story and the thrilling wrestling scene♡
10,A movie that deserves 10 points. A movie with the highest level of perfection among Indian movies
10,It's the best! You thought it was a real game! I think most Indian movies with Amir Khan are fun
10,I recommend movies that you can trust
10,This is a really good movie. It was so good that I naturally thought that I would rather watch this movie than watch 10 heroes. Feels like I've seen a movie of my life. I want to keep it and watch it again~~~
10,This is really a human sports movie! The reality of the sports world was well reflected and the message about women in Indian society was very well reflected. It's a movie that really touches you with great acting and scenarios All the actors including Amir Khan are praised for their acting skills!
10,It's a soul-sounding movie. Let's try!
10,It's so funny!
10,It's the best movie ever. Crumbling
7,I can't sympathize with the father of a true story who sacrificed his daughter for the sake of the country. The original sound track of the movie is unique to Indian movies.I could feel the interesting lyrics
10,Dad's faith gives me strength. ^^
10,I hope a lot of people watch it
10,It was touching and I lost track of time.It's touching and amazing that it's a true story.It's the story of a true hero living in this era.
10,It felt like watching a wrestling match You're the best!
10,I cried with the male lead actor when he cried. I think he cried 5 times
10,A true life movie. I recommend watching it alone
10,I recommend you what you saw
10,I'm so touched. It's fun.
10,It's the first time that a treadmill feels short
10,Alizwell was the best Indian film I've ever seen and Danggal is no less.
10,I cried and laughed so much that I almost got hair on my butt.
10,The story is very touching. I really enjoyed watching it without being bored. It's definitely the best movie I've seen lately!
10,It's a movie I want to keep forever. I think I can cheer up if I take it out when I'm depressed or tired.
10,Best movie I've seen recently
10,20OOO best movie ever!
10,I saw it with my dad's smile. Good
8,You have a lot of elements that you need for commercial films.^^ And the scenery of India and the unique excitement of India...
10,Make sure to watch it. It's crazy fun
10,It's a really impressive movie
10,It's so fun and touching ^^ It's a really good movie.
10,It's exactly 100 times more fun than Avengers.Movie that I want to watch with my daughters again!
10,I watched it more than three times. It's the best movie with all the feminist messages and impressions!
10,I have another favorite movie
10,I hope this kind of movie will be a hit^^
10,It was fun! Indian-style movies are interesting
10,It was so good!
10,Confusing. Confusing
10,A movie about family love and women.The song is really good
9,A film whose music has awakened the charm of good Indian films.My family all liked that they saw a good movie.
10,I loved "Three Idiots" too.
10,It's a touching and must-see movie.
10,Two and a half hours passed. I like it
10,It was so much fun and I lost track of time
9,It's fun. Yes.
10,For the country. Thank you
10,It was a bit long. A movie that made me realize my father's true love
10,It's the best! This movie will be worth more than 10 million!
10,It was a perfect movie from start to finish
10,I saw it todayIt's a real story that was so touching and made me sweat
10,Wrestling was such an attractive and wonderful sport!
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters. I hope more people watch good movies like Danggal! Crumbling~ I keep humming
10,I really enjoyed it It's touching
10,Indian movies are really fun. It's so touching and fun
10,More fun than the champion than the Infinity War! I really recommend it! I've never known Indian movies to be this fun!
10,Please watch it! Just watch!
10,A masterpiece! A true sports movie of two hours and 40 minutes is fast gone.I really enjoyed watching it
10,I dare say it was the best movie of the year. It was so much fun^^
10,(Singing "Dang-gal-gal-gal?(?ω˘)?) (Singing "Dang-gal-gal-gal?(?ω˘)?)
10,It's so much fun~~ It's something that women can relate to more
7,The music was very attractive. The story was rather cliche and boring
10,Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
8,a delightful sports film based on a true story
10,All the acting in the story OST was the best Amir Khan is the truth. I really want to go watch it again
8,Showing the Power of Indian National Film!
1,The score is high Let's turn it down
10,Recommended for those who enjoyed Indian movies such as Three Idiots
10,Well-made opening hall is too small.Please extend it
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,Best movie. The future of the movie market is in India
9,It was a touching movie
10,(Singing "Dang-gal-gal-gal?(?ω˘)?) (Singing "Dang-gal-gal-gal?(?ω˘)?)
10,It's the best!It is a pity that the reality of struggling in movie theaters occupied by the Avengers is sad.I hope we can increase the number of theaters and screenings to provide more people with the opportunity to enjoy this good movie.Danggal~ Danggal~~~ An addictive melody.
10,It was fun and touching throughout the movie.The audience was screaming and clapping like they were watching a wrestling finalHaha
10,a heart-throbbing and passionate film
10,I can't believe I can give you this much fun and touching story...
10,Sports are sacred. "Fight the World for Your Daughters" That's touching.
10,Crashing! It's a masterpiece Strongly recommend
10,It's 11 out of 10.
10,I didn't expect much but it was so much fun! Crumbling
10,I'm touched. It's funny
10,It was the best. I want to learn wrestling.
10,I saw it twice. a movie worth a second look at
10,It was more fun than the Avengers
10,Look at the way the three idiots have built up their bodies
10,I always trust and watch Amir Khan's movies. I'm glad and thank you for releasing it in Korea!
10,It's been a long time since I clapped after a movieIt's a great movie
10,It was so funny and I cried a lot. There's no time to be bored and the song is fun. I strongly recommend it
9,That's great. But it's not good to be coercive
10,I think I wrestled with the main characters for two and a half hours and cried with them. Why are there fewer theaters than wrestlers?Shaking
10,It's a masterpiece. I recommend it
10,Please increase the number of theaters. truth
10,Make sure to watch it. It's so much fun
10,It's a fun and touching movie!
10,It's both touching and fun. I didn't miss a single moment of it. The best movie! I have to trust Amir Khan's KhanHaha
10,I sincerely hope that such a jewel-like film will do better than the childish hero that monopolized the theater. I enjoyed it so much with my wife.
10,Indian movies are all interestingI won't regret this movie
10,I logged in to NAVER to get a score.
10,My friend who went with me said that he saw time and fell asleepGuy cried more than I did when he said he wanted to watch a movieThere's no time to get bored and I thought he was a real wrestler
8,It fits so well with Korean sentiment
10,Recommended! A real movie that's more moving and solid than Aven!
10,When did three hours pass?
10,A fun and cool movie with comedy and emotion.
10,Frustration. Frustration
10,I love it. I love it
10,It's fun. Dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-gal exercise
10,I watched a good movie after a long time
10,It motivated me and it was fun Make sure to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
7,It's just a movie worth watching. I think the rating is too high
10,2 hours and 40 minutes went by so quickly...The immersion level is no joke
10,The best movie I've seen in recent years
10,The film is well organized. Maybe that's why the long time isn't boring at all.
10,This is the movie! Make sure you watch it. I think their efforts should pay off
10,a film of film qualityIt is a movie that is meaningful in many ways.
10,Good. The best movie. The touching itself
10,Make sure to watch Danggal! The music is good and the story is touching
10,The movie of my life. I can't express it in words.100 stars! I really want to go to India
10,A movie that is interesting even though it can predict the ending
10,It was well made as a movie. I didn't know wrestling would be this fun
10,It's so much fun. It's so much fun from the beginning to the end. There is no need for words.
10,It's so touching. The time isn't boring
10,A warm and pleasant movie after a long time
10,I wish the narrative of r guitar and babita would have been more highlighted
10,I think it's going to be my life movie!
10,I think it's a movie that explains why Bollywood movies are great. I think Indian movies with musical elements are the best.
10,Children are especially excited when they come out
10,It's a movie that makes you look for Indian movies again
10,The song is really good and I lost track of time.This is a movie that I want to give 10 or 100 stars
10,It's the best movie. It's a movie that made me feel like it's been less than an hour. It's a movie with touching comic music and so on
10,True story. I found Danggal much more fun and touching than INFINITE Avenger. Danggal is a wrestling movie that fights love and discrimination between women.
10,Why don't you watch Danggal? I think I've never seen such a forced family movie.The directing is terrible. The last scenes are the best
10,It's the best! Thank you so much! Recommend.
10,It's a movie that's as interesting as three idiots and will remain in your mind for a long time
10,The best movie ever! Too bad I'm buried in Avengers.
10,a movie worth watching after a long period of time
10,The girls I've seen together are the best and they're having fun It's a movie I'm going to show my daughters
10,I couldn't pick one part. It was so good that I couldn't say
10,It's a movie that makes you think about what's inside
10,Trust me. Please
10,Movies that must be seen in Korea these days! I am angry at the reality that there are no theaters and I can't watch them even if I want to. It's a big movie that can be the top box office hit even if there are many theaters. Make sure to watch it!
10,He criticized Indian society well and filmed the game well with urgency. It's even fun. Crumbling
10,I love it. It's so touching
9,A movie with touching and fun
10,Why are there so few movie theaters where movies that are fun and impressive at the same time are good?
10,It's too bad that I can only give you 10 points. You can trust and watch Amir Khan!
10,That's the best. You can see why the ratings are so high.
10,It's really funI found a fun movie after a long timeGood
10,It's beyond the best movie of my life that makes me search for an actor named Amir Khan. Such a great work deserves praise I strongly recommend it
10,It makes you know why Amir Khan is a national actor and believes and sees his work.It's a good movie because the actors' efforts to control their weight are great and based on a true story
10,It's the movie of my life. There is no need for words.
10,It was a story about human will and growth. I highly recommend it
1,It's a lot more fun than the champion
10,Don't forget to watch it at the movie theater Crumbling
10,A movie that I want to give more than five stars!
10,It was so much fun. It was like 2 hours and 3 hours. Time went by so fast. The guitar was so cool.It's funny in the beginning but touching in the end...Crumbling
10,I really enjoyed watching it while crying and laughing.
10,I really enjoyed watching it^^* It was touching and the music was good
10,Can I have the theater...I'll increase it... It's a lot more fun than the Avengers.
1,The rating is so high that I need to reduce it.
10,It was nice to see you with your family! My dad especially liked it. :)
9,I like the music. Touching movie
10,It's a movie that's sad that time goes by
9,Crumbling~ Crumbling~ All is well~ Crumbling~ Crumbling~
10,Make sure to watch it! 3t hours passed so quickly
10,I'm a man and I'm crying a lot.
10,Laughing makes me cryTears of emotion last longer. It's a movie that I want to show to my adolescent children. Good ^^
10,A movie that makes your life healthy!
10,Nearly three hours felt like half an hour. He's so into it
10,You'll know when you come to the river.
10,(Singing "Fall in Love")
10,A movie that made me scream all day long
1,What's this?  The movie has a rating of 7 or so.
10,You must watch it. It's fun
10,It's so touching.a must-see movie
10,One of the most interesting movies I've seen in recent years and one of the best.
10,Long running time doesn't make you bored
10,I really enjoyed watching it. It's a movie worth visiting even if the time and opening are small.
10,I don't know what to say. The sugar itself. Applause to the actor and director!
10,The best! The best! Make sure to watch it!
10,It's so touching. Indian movies are the best  I strongly recommend it
10,It's not boring at all. It's a masterpiece of my life
10,I want to eat Indian curry LOL
10,It's the best. Everyone should watch it. Especially if it's a woman
10,Please extend the time for the movie theaterA movie that I don't want to miss a moment of touching fun
10,I went all the way to the far neighborhood to see Danggal and took a taxi home at dawn. And never regret the trouble. Crumbling
10,A sports movie ^^
10,I watched it with sweat in my hands. Make sure you watch it
10,It's the best. I just saw it and I want to see it again.
10,This movie is dedicated to the Ice Association.
9,I even suspected that the actual screening time was 160 minutes after the movie.It's so much fun!
10,Your efforts will never betray you.
10,(Singing "Fall in Love")Sweet and sour!
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for quite a long time.   I was so focused that I forgot to go to the bathroom.  I want to feel the fun and emotion of the movie again with my family.
10,I'm a movie mania who watches an average of 50 to 60 movies every year for decades. How many years has it been since I saw such a good movie? I hope we can increase the number of screens in the theater so that more people can see this good movie.
10,It was fun. I want to watch it again
10,It's a really interesting movie with fun and touching moments.
9,It was fun to watch The last curry pong is a bit disappointing... It's like watching the Indian national team.
9,I never thought I'd enjoy watching sports movies like this. It was a movie full of family love and tension!!!
10,A movie where long running times are rarely boring. It's too bad that there aren't many theaters and it's not a time when many people can watch it.
10,It's a great movie. It's so touching.
10,I hope a lot of people watch itI strongly recommend this movie.
10,Crumbling! A movie that can't be buried
10,A true story that is more like a movie than a movie! The movie is also very interesting. It's really touching and fun. The Best Sports Movie! ^^
10,It was a heartbreaking time after watching a long drama that reminded me of my parents and children.Two hours and 40 minutes after watching the movie was a happy time and it was more exciting and real than watching the Olympics
10,Indian movies seem to make good use of songs. The story was solid and I think I watched it well with impeccable concentration. It was a movie that lingered a lot.
10,This is what a movie is. This is what it is
10,It's worth crawling through the poor number of theaters
10,It's more fun and moving than the Avengers.
10,Interesting...I watched it because I didn't have anything to watch. It was really fun.Make sure to watch it
10,We need more movies like this
10,I lost track of time because I was crying and laughing. I'm so touched
9,It's a movie that makes you feel the love of your father's daughter
10,It was really fun. And I wanted a lot of kids to watch it
10,I cried and laughed throughout the movie. Indian music is really addictive. It's been a while since I watched a real movie.
10,It's more touching because it's based on a true story  I strongly recommend it
2,It's not fun at all I don't like it
10,Father's great dream and the family's gold medal for overcoming the discriminatory gaze of society
4,I was so disappointed when I saw Naver's score was almost 10. It was obvious and there was no funny point.
8,ARMY fans can trust and watch this!
10,I don't feel bored for three hours. I shed tears of dragon emotion
10,Indian movie that you can trust and watch
10,India is so good at making movies. jackpot
10,I'm just saying one word.It's 30 times better than the Avengers
10,It's a good movie. I'm so into it
10,Make sure to watch it. These four words are enough.
10,No Boring Indian Film
10,The whole movie theater is clapping like watching the game
10,◆ There are countless climaxes in one movie!  ◆A movie with a unique philosophy of Indian cinema! ◆Musical music and dance double the fun and touching! ◆ 160 minutes is always interesting!
10,This is really fun
10,He's so funny. He's not saying much It's so much fun
10,It's the best movie where you can feel both fun and touching. The scene of the game was so real. I applaud the actors for their acting skills. Make sure to watch it! ^^
10,a thrilling and exhilarating wrestling movie
10,A movie with everything. Money and time are not a waste. A movie you want to recommend to your loved ones
10,Let's play a game! Flustered!
10,The best movie. Danggal Amir
10,The movie that I watched without missing a moment reminded me of the Korea Skating Union when I saw a coach who wanted to steal the attention of a movie star who made me cry
10,I didn't even know how the 3 hours went by and I enjoyed watching it!
10,It's a really moving movie
10,It is a rare Indian movie that is not boring and impressive for 160 minutes.^^
10,(Singing "Baby Don't Like this
1,Feminism makes money
10,It was fun and touching. I lost track of time
9,It was not just an athlete who burned his will.
10,It's the killing time at the movie theater. I'm happy to go out
10,The Best Masterpiece Hidden by Avengers
10,I can't see the light of this masterpiece because of the screen monopoly.
10,It's fun. I hope you watch it
10,I was laughing and crying and lost track of time.
10,It is healing when tired and hopeful when collapsed. And tears of emotion are filled.
10,It's a waste of money. It's the best concentration
8,Indian movies are boring with obvious developments and forced smiles.But it's fun^^
10,It's the best. It's a lot more fun than the Avengers
10,Indian movies that you can trust and watch! I hope you watch it
8,Perfect for a family movie. The 2 hours and 40 minutes running time wasn't boring at all Haha
10,Don't compare yourself to the Avengers.
10,Crying and laughing. I'm so touched. The best movie
10,I watched it without any expectations. I'm getting touched~~^^
10,It was so much fun
10,It's a movie that's really touching and hard for your hands
10,I'm so immersed in the movie that I've been focusing on throughout the movie. It was funny because there were people clapping at the last winning scene
10,Indian sports movie that seems familiar but different from Korea. Make sure you watch it at the theater.
10,This is the best Really!!
10,I watched it in a really funny way I want to see you again
10,It's so much fun. It's touching.I highly recommend it.
10,This is why I watch a movie.
10,I recommend touching and funny songs
8,Good for the whole family to see. a family story
10,It's really touching and it's not obvious~ I strongly recommend it~
10,The movie that I watched with so much immersion that I didn't know whether I was watching a real game or a real game like a real athlete! It was a really fun movie that felt like a long time with both fun and emotion.
10,I am crying because I am moved.
10,I laugh and cry while watching it alone. I nod and get surprised because I can relate to it.I'm glad I watched it alone. It's a good movie
10,Danggalgalgal - Danggalgalgal - I really want to see you with my family later
10,Bollywood that you can trust and see. The calm emotions are rushing like waves
10,I didn't know wrestling was such a fun spoiler!
10,Touching and fun! It's a great movie to make-believe movie!It's the best!
10,I didn't know Indian movies were this fun 재It's fun and touching. It's the best
10,The running time was so long that I couldn't feel it at all. It was the best! It was the best! I clapped without realizing it. Spring is the best
10,It's fun and not boring!
10,It is a great movie. It will motivate students to watch it.
10,It's Jo On Jam. Just look
9,I really enjoyed watching it. I realized that this movie took a long time after I came out of the movie. The best sports movie ever
8,10 letters of moving sports movie
7,You're talking about quality because it's flattering.
10,India is really good at making movies. The song is so good
10,It's fun. Amir Khan is the best
9,All right. It's a good movie.
10,You have to watch it. Really
10,Indian movie is also worth watching. Your daughter must be very pretty
10,It's like watching a fun 20-episode drama at once. It's funny and heavy
10,It's such a waste to be buried in Avengers.
10,I lose track of time.A well-organized story in Indian cinema.It's the funniest movie I've seen this year^^
10,It's the best movie ever Hah!
10,Wow! This is the best movie of my life ^^
10,I lost track of time and watched it hard. A movie that lingers!
10,This is fun... Amir Khan who you can trust and watch...
10,I really enjoyed it!
9,It was a very interesting and touching drama. The family love of father and daughter...
10,Make sure to watch it. Really... That's all I can say.The best movie ever!
10,The best. In my life
10,I saw it when it was released in Taiwan. We're in Korea now. Recommend.
10,It's a movie that brings both touching and laughter tension
10,I watched the movie without knowing the time went by even though it was a long time.It's so much fun. I hope a lot of people watch it and make it big hit
10,Make sure to watch it. It's not boring at all
10,I enjoyed watching it
10,This is a movie...I'll put it in the best five movies of my life
8,Amir Khan movies are good!
10,The best of the best movies I watched recently. Laughing and crying You shed tears and runny nose ^^
10,I strongly recommend it! Really! I strongly recommend it. It's all about laughter and emotion I lost track of time What a wonderful father!^^
10,It's not a paternal love movie. It is a movie about women's human rights.
10,Are you suddenly singing and dancing?
10,I watched "Avengers" and this was the best.It was the most impressive movie I've seen recently I'm going to take my boyfriend to see him again next week.
10,(Singing "Fall in Love")
10,I lost track of time and watched it^^
10,Endorphins are coming up!
10,It's not a waste of money. Good. Touching
10,I didn't know the movie was long and I enjoyed itI really recommend it. I hope it doesn't get caught in the Avengers
10,A person who gives strength just by his existence
10,(Singing "Bang-ga-ga-ga-ga-ga-ga-Sweet and sour
10,I can't help but give you a star
10,It's so much fun and I lost track of time I'm crying
10,The movie is fun. It's worth watching~~^^
10,It's a very good movie. It makes me think a lot. It reminds me of the fact that our lives have not been made arbitrarily by ourselves.
9,I wonder if your two daughters were happy.I really enjoyed it.It's unfortunate
10,It is a good movie. It's not a waste of money. Make sure to watch it!
8,A beautiful woman fighting the barrier in front of her.
9,I saw it at the premiere. It's as fun as three idiots. There's a lot of Indian excitement in the OST
10,I watched an early morning movie and she cried in the morning~^^ Make sure to watch it~~
10,Indian movies you can trust and watch. The music was exciting and touching.
10,a touch comparable to three idiots I want a lot of people to see it. But the theater and the distributor have to make a living.
10,It's fun and touching...Laughing and crying.
10,I lost track of time and I was so into the movie It's perfect enough to make you think that the actors are sports players~~~
10,It's amazing. More than the Avengers.sound of sound
10,The best sports movie ever. TtaTta Bong is really...
10,There's a scene in the theater where the audience claps and cheers whenever they win.It's not a movie that can be buried in Avengers.There aren't many theaters showing itcrying
1,How can I say? Jaldo
9,You'll see. It's a trick
9,To all the dads in the world.
10,Behind a great man is a great father
8,It's really fun
1,Indian movies don't seem to suit the sentiments. Not good.
10,I went to the premiere today.  It's really fun. I think it's the best movie of the year. The music is good and the story is well made.
10,It was a touching sports movie and a family movie. The semi-final and final matches in the second half made my hands sweat and tears formed in my eyes.
10,It's been a while since I had fun watching it
10,It's so touching. I cried and laughed all the time
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed watching it with my mom I was happy to see a good movie after a long time. :)
10,I've never left a message after watching a movie.I'm leaving a comment for the first time. I was so touched and immersed. I strongly recommend it
10,I didn't know that you'd enjoy a touching true story this much more than I expected
10,The best!!! No words needed
10,a long-running movie
10,It's a great work in terms of touching and funThumbs up!^^
10,It's my first Indian movie. You must watch this movie. Make sure you watch it. 2 hours and 41 minutes felt short.
10,I don't need another word! The best! You'll know when you see it! Dangdangdangdanggaut~~~~
10,Much more fun than three idiots or PK
10,It's fun. I lost track of time
10,Time flies. It wasn't boring and it was funGo
7,I didn't expect Bollywood to make such a moving sports movie
10,You're the best at being a woman
10,Time flies so fast. It's fun and touching
9,It would have been nice if it was released right after the Indian release in India. Too bad it's too late.
10,I still remember the song. It's really addictive. Indian movie good good good
10,I think the song is really addictive. But I really enjoyed watching Indian movies. You're the best!
10,I saw it at the preview before it was released. The song that still lingers in my ears! I enjoyed listening to addictive music and interesting topics
10,Isn't this what a real hero looks like in real life? It was touching.
10,I lost track of time and watched itI thought the stadium scene was real.I laughed and cried and enjoyed watching it
10,It's a pity that I can only give you 10 points. A movie in which a real hero appears in a flood of hero movies.
10,It's the best! The movie I want to watch twice
8,Great passion for victory!
10,I should have watched it at the movie theater.
10,A movie about a pure man who loved cars so much
10,It was the best time to run with Chairman Ford on board
10,A movie that would be fun for men
10,I lost track of time
10,It's just fun  Strongly recommend
10,A movie that makes your heart feel grand...
10,I think it's a movie where you can see the passion of automobile maniacs at that time. I envy people who know what they want to do quickly and live
10,Christian Bale dies at the end
10,It's a masterpiece.
6,Getting angry after watching a movie that's hard to watch until the end because it's annoying
10,My heart is getting grand~~
10,I felt that going to the movie theater was a really good choice.
10,The movie that I regret the most that I didn't see at the movie theater
7,Capital is the ultimate winner in this era.
9,I was happy watching the movie because I was nervous and excited
10,It's been a while since I saw my heart explode. It's the best
10,I thought the running time was 75 minutes
10,a thriller masquerading as a drama
6,I don't understand the vice president or childish behavior. It doesn't seem realistic. I don't understand it and it's not fun
4,It's a movie that makes you mad when you watch it until the end
10,It's perfect. It's really fun.
10,It's a movie that shows how cool it is to put energy into something passionately
10,It's really well-made  There's no need to talk about actingGoo! Woo! S!
10,I wonder if I can find Ken Miles' pure passion.The story of a person who has been dead for more than 50 years left a deep impression.
10,A movie that shows what suction power only a true story can show.
10,The story of two passionate people who lived hotter than the engine of a car running at 7000 RPM
10,The movie I want to show Carol Shelby and Ken Miles in the sky
10,a career-setting film
10,Ford All About American Capitalism
10,Why is Ferrari a Ferrari?
10,I didn't expect much from the movie
8,I'm sorry I didn't see you at the theater
10,He's definitely the best racing movieIt's better than LUSH!!!
10,The enemy is always inside...
8,I enjoyed watching it. The true story is also impressive.
10,Somewhere at 7000 rpm. peep into Ferrari's spirit through Ford
10,It's fun and touching.
10,a sense of moving speed
9,a movie to watch at a movie theater
10,The story of craftsmen who run louder than anyone else but enjoy a lonely fight more than anyone else
10,The combination of Met Damon and Bale does not disappoint me.
7,An unexpected movie that hits Americans in the back of their heads.
10,I didn't know how two and a half hours passed. The best time-lost movie ever. Too bad Ken Miles doesn't live long.
10,It's so much fun
10,I watched it belatedly. I'm glad I got to know this movie. The person who watched the movie is the winner.
10,152 minutes passed so quickly.
10,It's a movie that anyone who's worked in a split mind and body can't help but cry
10,Don't worry about it. Just watch it All girls and boys don't have to know. It's so much fun
8,This feeling of being overwhelmed by your heart!
10,It is really touching and life movie.
4,The rating is too high
6,It is difficult to understand without prior background knowledge. Cultural differences between the United States and Europe at that time. A movie that is boring if you don't know the car racer culture.
10,A movie that I'm so glad to see in the theater. It's a relief that I saw it twice.
10,I saw his pure passion and majestic end.
10,The best movie is really fun
10,You don't think I know nothing about cars? You don't like cars? This isn't about cars.The role of the person sitting in the position of CEO in the management of the company.And a role in what the aides do.It was a movie that poured passion into the dream of conversation between the people who went through the process.
10,It's my first time rating. It's a touching and touching movie. It feels like we're on a page of history together!
10,It was a fantasy. Who are you?
10,I can't believe I'm finally watching this at home. My heart is about to explode. It's so lost track of time.
10,This movie is the best movie of my life
10,Matt Damon is a great actor
10,A movie that touched even the people who don't know about cars!
10,I don't regret it.Look at it for yourself.I'm touched. The acting is real.I was so into it
8,A true-life movie about racing that has no dramatic scenes but is not boring
10,Everything was really perfect. It's a perfect movie that you can't get enough of it.It was so fun and exciting. I'm glad to see you at the movie theater
10,It's a really big movie I strongly recommend it!
10,It's so much fun. I just watched the movie and it feels like my heart is opening up  I really need to look at it over and over again.
10,No words needed. Best movie ever
10,It smelled like a masterpiece.
10,This movie has the best engine sound.
10,I don't dare to watch Korean movies. A wonderful masterpiece based on historical true stories surrounding Ford and Ferrari!
9,The pure passion that I wanted to achieve.
10,I've lost track of time. Everything is the best
10,a must-have film
10,I really want to kill the vice president's color
10,There's a mole somewhere at 7000 RPM
8,Both cars and people have the same heart.
10,A movie that's crazy if you're a car dealer
9,I got in trouble for sweating on my hands for 2 minutes and 30 seconds
10,It's touching! It's my favorite movie
10,The sound of the engine is so touching
10,a legendary work of legendI don't understand and regret that the box office performance and recognition are low compared to the quality of the work.
8,Ferrari lost but won.
10,Endless passion for speed!
10,The tension of the racing and the overall production and story composition are well organized.
10,It's probably the best movie I've ever seen
10,Ken Miles...crying
10,I want to compliment the sound the most. The fluctuating beat sends shivers through the body.
9,It's Ford Discharges.
10,Honey Jaeam!
10,The most beautiful racing music video and drama in my life
10,a masterpiece that can't let go of the suspense every moment
10,This is why Ford can't do Ferrari lol
10,It's so much fun. It relieves my stress
9,I enjoyed watching it.
1,Too much seaweed
10,I enjoyed the movie.Thank you.
7,Why did I see this because I don't like cars. The hot race is contrary to the cold atmosphere unique to the director. I'm not very impressed by the lack of empathy from the car company.
10,Christian Bale's acting was the best. A movie that will never disappoint.Make sure to watch it.
9,Ford did Ford...
10,This movie is a legend in the automobile movie world. But how can there be no audience?
10,I found my favorite movie!
10,It was the best It's always like that. It was really impressive.
8,OOO's pods!!!
10,This is a movie that needs chicken. ^^ It's
10,Why didn't I see this movie in the movie theater?
10,A movie that was very interesting.
1,No fun. I don't know what's so funny. The movie is so boring because it's 3 hours and I thought it was an hour long run at the end.
8,Shelby's line "Hello" is probably a Korean designer among Shelby's team members.
10,It's a great movie.
10,Time really flies Movies
9,It's worth seeing...
10,I want to see you at the theater Please re-release it
10,This movie was so much fun that I watched it three times while renting it for two days
10,A movie in which a woman who doesn't know ka loves cars
10,It's fun and fun. It's fun and fun
9,Bale and Damon's perfect acting. The calm atmosphere was good
10,I dare to say that I'm going to make a mark on a car movie
10,Good. It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,2 hours and 30 minutes of long running time is unbelievable
8,Good
9,The best racing movie I've ever seen... Only the person who saw it will know how it feels at the end of the second half
10,2 hours and 30 minutes?
10,You really made a good movie I watched it after it was re-released. I think it's the national rule that the water above is always rotten
10,Excellent. Ken and Shelby are both masters
10,It's so nice
10,The vanity created by excessive bureaucracy is tantamount to cancer of the organization.
10,It was so much fun. To the point where I wanted to go see it in person. The conflict between the chairmen was fun. The director was not a director for no reason. They were so good at acting
10,This is the movie of my life
10,Make sure to watch it. I don't know if I've ever been that crazy about something...
10,the greatest film of the 21st century
10,a movie about a car race
10,Umbok-dong Chewy Top Compatible LOL
10,So funny and Christian Bale is always right
8,The racing version of Bohemian Rhapsody
10,It's a great movie with a solid story and two actors' acting beyond perfection.
4,A movie that felt like promoting the power of capital.the true nature of American imperialism
10,This movie is more interesting if you know a little bit about Ford and Ferrari's history!Time flies so fastI really enjoyed watching it.
10,It's a masterpiece that came out after Parasite and Joker
10,Salespeople who made profits through the consideration of field workers
10,Wow!
10,Christian Vale's "Real" acting skills are amazing
9,It was a movie where I could feel the speed after a long time
8,It's worth seeing. Good
10,ENGENE's sound is crazy. It's a masterpiece
10,Christian Bale
10,A movie that makes your heart beat just by the sound of an engine
6,4DX in theaters allows you to enjoy it more vividly
10,A great movie. I should've seen it at the theater
9,A story about a point that cannot be reached by capital alone. A brief story that eventually reached the point where it did not change despite three overcomeings.
9,A film that pays tribute to Ferrari by pretending to illuminate Ford in the event he won.
10,A long history of kkondae.
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,My heart stopped beating when I was robbed first.
10,I watched it at the theater and bought it through NAVER Movie.I will watch it again. I really enjoyed it because I like cars.
9,The sound of the car is amazing
10,(Crying)
10,The story of two men's beliefs in a big business fight... was fleeting
10,I met a proper car movie after a long time. This is a movie that needs to be watched over and over again!!!
10,Chungmuro: How do you film this?
7,The story of Ford beating Ferrari in Le Mans
10,It's a movie that captures the original human instinct for speed!It was the most fun movie I've seen recently!
10,a movie that made my heart race until the end
9,It's really thrilling and well-made. a movie beyond the likes and dislikes of genre
9,The veil is so skinny that when it comes out on the poster...I guess it's the role of ectopic bone marrow
7,I don't really... What's wrong with you?
10,I should have seen it in the theater. I want to see it again
10,I didn't know my Korean would pop out. A movie that tells you why modern Ford is behind Ferrari...
10,It's the best. It's my first time leaving a comment
10,I loved the ending part
10,It's not a movie to watch. It's a must-see movie
1,I've been so upset since we joined the Jongna game together. So that's what you're talking about? Are you saying that ordinary people are in the palm of the elite no matter how raw they are? It's OO
1,A very ordinary movie. Reflect on the part-timers who are giving you 10 points. It's a movie where you can get an average of 1 point.
8,It's so nice. It's so good
2,H. I hate Ford. What's wrong with the leader? Ken Miles is such a waste of talent. I'm more passionate
10,We all know who's the winner
10,My wife doesn't know how 2 hours and 40 minutes passed. She says it's boring Hah!
10,I felt a moment of excitement.
10,Remember Can Miles
10,I can't watch Korean movies anymore.
10,It is a movie that will meet expectations as much as high ratings. It would have been better if I watched it at the theater. It's a bit disappointing to watch it on TV at home
7,Wouldn't he have regretted his choice even if he had died early?
9,Hang in there! Hang in there!
10,Wow! It's been a long time since I've written my GPA
10,The mind of the management shows the current location of the two companies.I really lost track of time
10,Why is it so thrilling that it is the only U.S. car to win Le Mans?It's the best.
8,Sometimes there are movies that are meaningless if you don't watch them in the theater.
10,Those who don't watch regret it.
10,It's fun. It's fun. It's fun
10,I can't imagine how the racers would feel when I watch the movie.Bale hyung who acted this perfectly...I love you. It's one of the best movies of 2019 Please watch it
10,It's divided into layers. So 10 points.
9,It's a little disappointing that the tension of the production will cover the trite story.
9,The story of wonderful men who do what they love with conviction! Christian Bale is the best!
10,Please watch it at the theater f1 Experience fighting is possible
10,I really enjoyed watching Ford v Ferrari! You're also interested in cars. I cursed because I was watching while cooling off the sweat on my palms throughout the running time
10,Is it a hit-and-run movie? L
10,You don't need to say anything. Just watch
10,It's the first time I've seen it in theaters
9,That's not good. This movie...
10,Perfect score for Christian Bale's acting
10,Sweaty type 1 normal world... cool... crazy...
9,It's really well made. Everything is perfect
8,I think I enjoyed watching the racing movie the most.
6,It wasn't as fun as I thought. I almost fell asleep. But I think it's worth watching at least once
8,The actors' passionate acting stood out
8,The drama-like story of two men who made history
8,Funny!
10,It's a good movie. Damn it. I can't sleep. Ken Miles. Selby...I'll remember you. Number one driver
9,I didn't expect much. It was so much fun
6,The rather contrived settings are intrusive
10,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!That's it.Further explanations are omitted.
10,Christian Bale's acting is really outstanding
10,I want to see it again. The directing and acting are crazy.
10,It was so nice. It was nice to see it twice
10,A fascinating experience where 2 hours and 30 minutes pass like an hour. And it's fun. NR
10,It's my first time getting a rating
10,A movie that lacks 5 stars and 10 stars. A movie exists to make it like this.
10,My heart skipped a beat after a long time.
10,Why Ford couldn't keep up with the Ferrari Peninsula
10,A man's movie. A man's dream
9,Fun party
10,I didn't know that Sticky would be this cool in a movie
10,I found out that this movie was 2 hours and 30 minutes long
9,A movie that I watched on VOD without much expectation. Watch after purchasing after seeing the names of the directors and cast members before watching. The top three movies of 2019 were made to go straight to the movie theater the next day after watching day after. It was an immersive move that allowed two and a half hours of running time to 7000 RPM. a strong recommendation
10,The best movie of 2019
10,A movie about the passion and friendship of men. The running time was like an hour.
10,It was so much fun. Ken's thrilling racing skills. Bale's acting ability to pull it off. Matt Damon's acting is the best. It's a movie like Frozen or something. It's going to be a hit. I really want to win Frozen
10,A good movie that shows the atmosphere and history of America and Europe in the mid-20th century
10,I watched an immersive movie after a long time.The movie made me feel that it was an indirect experience.
10,I was hit with reality after watching Ford Ferrari.I was surprised to see that I paid the same amount as Korean movies and watched it with an extreme job + exit rating of over 10 million pointsI'm going to watch Joseon movies when they're released on-line
10,I was thankful that I was able to watch it through IMAX
10,Why is there only 5 stars?
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like this
1,That's too much
10,Who am I? ”
10,It's been a while since I saw a proper movie
10,I felt like I was in a giant engine
4,The guy who's the final engine of the tech war
10,It was a racing movie that left a deep impression of calmness and catharsis after a long time. The movie shows the strong friendship and expression of men facing the harsh reality of capitalism
10,Passion sublimated by engine power.
8,I'm not interested in cars. Le Mans 24 was really interesting. The movie that lingers in my mind...Matt Damon of Ripley is getting old
10,It's been a while since I made a good movie and it was fun and touching I really need to buy a Porsche^^♡
10,How will the son remember the father who wants to meet at 7000 rpm?
10,Add your favorite movie
1,Miles should've won first place
10,Awesome. Awesome. The best of five
10,Make sure to watch it. You won't regret it
9,Running time is two and a half hours? Feels like an hour and a half.
9,The top 2 racing movies I've seen
7,Thank you for the Ford history for two and a half hours.The editing was a bit loose.
10,It was passionate and touching.
6,There are so many part-timers giving NAVER ratings. Stop it
10,Just watching Christian Bale's acting made me happy.
10,I can't forget the thrill of the GT40 over 7000 rpm.
10,I think it's a good movie when you race Ford and Ferrari I recommend this movie especially for people who like cars~~~
10,I can't believe I'm watching this now.I didn't see it because I thought it was just a management fight for the car company. I registered for the best movie of my life.
10,It's a great movie from beginning to end.
10,It's so much fun that I don't feel like I have a long running time.
10,The best movie of 2019
9,A movie where you can enjoy the charm of racing!I heard it too. Hello~
10,Christian Bale's acting is crazy.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. I'm just sorry I didn't see you in the theater.
10,I think this movie will be interesting even if I watch it 10 times
10,It felt like I was driving! It's so much fun
10,It was the most thrilling two and a half hours of boring immersion!!
10,It's so much fun!   The Ferrari was definitely Ferrari
10,The most tense movie I've seen recently!
9,Matt Damon's movies always touch me  You're the best since you're with the veil
10,I really enjoyed watching it.^^
10,I can't believe I didn't see this at the movie theater and saw the hit squad
10,Amazing description of the two men's acting and speed! It was all fun. It was especially good to see it in 4D.
10,Only a true professional recognizes a true professional
10,This is it! This is the movie
10,Christian Bale was Ken Miles himself
6,It's a bit of a sensational movie. It's a bit of an exaggeration
8,This movie made me want to drive recklessly.
8,You have to meet your wife well
10,Great value for money!
10,The combination of Christian Bale X Matt Damon's performance is amazing.
7,the gallop of nostalgia for the world of men
10,I felt my heart warm after watching this movie.
10,Mt. Baekdu is 7 million and it's 1.3 million
8,A movie that you would regret if you didn't watch at the theater
8,The color was good. The outfit too.
10,The passion of people who are crazy about one thing
10,I watched a movie that made my heart race for the first time in a while It could be my life piece
10,You have to watch it no matter what--
10,Why did I watch this now?
8,This is gonna make me sick of posing. Ford's leadership crap. I'm freaking out
10,One scene where Batman and Jason Bourne fight is funnier than parasite
10,It's a crazy movie that doesn't miss anything. It's the best
9,It's proven that oldies ruin everywhereI loved the racing scene
10,I was amazed at how Bale acted
8,I love you 7000 times.
9,Challenges and friendships that make the impossible possible
8,I think it's the most complete movie among actors without failure and overwhelming video milling
8,The story of men who live their lives with passion
10,A movie that draws both people and cars well.
7,Ford v Ferrari-like production v Topics
10,I really regret not seeing it bigger.
10,It's just perfect.It's really perfect...
10,It was the best car movie ever. It's based on a true story. It's so interesting
8,Best action drama right now in the first half of the year.
10,Everything's crazy
6,It's too fast. I forget the speed
10,Not yet.
10,I smell oil and sweat somewhere. Is it just me?
10,How about Gareth Vale? Christian Vale? How about Real Madrid Vale?
10,A movie that you might like even if you don't like action movies
10,I want to. Can't I?Please let me go!All right.
10,The sound was so good!
10,All I can say is that he's so cool
9,A true story of a car racer who moves his hot heart with RPM
10,I am happy to see this movie on the screen even though it is late. Fell in love with Met Damon
10,I was trying to find fault. It's no match for you. Just look
10,Protecting Gongdol's pure beliefs under the vertical pressure of huge capital.
10,It's the best movie of 2020
10,It's an amazing acting and directing. The ending is not righteous crying
10,It's so much fun. I'll make a note of the movie I want to watch again and watch it again
8,Why Ford is still Ford.
1,Because of the ending
9,It's a movie that makes you feel excited the whole time you watch it
10,This movie is crazy. What have you seen so far? I'myself
10,The most perfect movie I've seen recently
6,Good. I like cars
10,It's been a while since I saw a man's movie
8,I'm proud to see it on the big screen at Ford Ferrari movie theater
6,It's just a movie. It feels like that
5,Did you get a job? Why do you have a high score?
10,It was my first time watching a racing movie and I experienced sweaty hands and heartbeats!!!
10,There is no galloping but more
10,This is crazy
9,I didn't know the time went by
9,This is a movie.
10,the best movie
9,Was there another movie that I was so immersed in? That's how well I watched it. Strongly recommend!
8,About things that money can't buy
9,Running time is still racing
10,It's fun enough to think that 2 hours and 30 minutes was such a short time. A true racer's passion and unfortunate misfortune...It was a movie that could honor his life.
10,It's been a while since I had a lot of fun watching it
10,It is a movie that should be remembered as one of the greatest racers in Ford's history.
10,It's so much fun and the direction was great. Mm-hmm. Nana Khaka
8,A true story has a very sad ending.
1,It's boring. A seven-point movie
10,Wow... It's one of the few movies that touches the hearts of real men.If there's anything you've seen and felt: 1. passion for what you want 2. compromise with reality 3. willingness not to give up Ken Mylar I respect you.
9,It was a heart-warming movie!
10,I'm sure there's no one who doesn't get emotional when Ken looks into the rearview mirror at the last rap of Le Mans
9,I don't know much about cars. My heart exploded
9,It's worth watching at the theater
9,Batman's acting transformation is the best!
10,a movie that touches the heart of a man
8,There is the greatest pleasure of watching this movie when racing takes place rather than a human drama.
10,I watched it three times in the theater A movie that makes you want a racing car
10,It's a movie that makes your hands sweat
8,I was so curious about the feelings of the racers throughout.
10,A man's movie. 10 letters.
10,Great acting... I'm amazed by your beautiful wife
10,Best Movie of the Year
9,A good movie to watch in a movie theater.
9,You need to be careful if you drive right after watching the movie. Engine sound overwhelming
10,I want to live in America in the 60s
7,I'm sick and tired of Bale's acting.
10,Fun
9,A movie that I focused on for the first time in a long time. Both racing and story are satisfying.
10,A movie I don't want to miss out on
10,the best car movie
10,The best movie of 2019...agreed
9,Mr. Ford is so cute
10,Why big business Ford can't keep up with Ferrari. There is only Policy and there is no Soul and Zeal.
10,It's the best movie ever Matt and Chris were looking at the glorious racer
10,a heart-throbbing movie
10,G.T.'s engine sound makes my heart beat again in the third round
10,The directing and acting story is perfect and the movie is so captivating that it feels like it's an hour long
9,It was more than I expected
10,I was so sad when I died talking about 7000 RPM at the end.
10,A masterpiece that can be enjoyed by people who are not interested in cars and racing
10,I had to go to the Bale and Damon ensemble.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently
2,I'm bored. I don't think women are funny
8,It's okay in moderation.
10,gae10 "God-Jae-Natural Masterpiece
10,How are you doing? Or?
10,It was the best movie at the same time
9,You can just watch it!
8,A movie about Jason Bourne and Batman fighting
10,A must-see masterpiece if you're a Cha Deok
8,Coolest rolling start. So handsome
8,It's a field that I'm interested in and it's fun to adapt based on facts
10,The racing scene was the best. Two and a half hours long feels really short. Matt Damon's acting is... Wow
10,Hm... A movie about cars that is fun and bitter even if it's not paper
5,Men who like cars will like it... It wasn't my cup of tea.
10,It's not Ford. It's not Ferrari. It's Bale
10,I lost track of time. The two main characters' acting is the best!
10,I want to watch it again. I still remember it
10,I want to see you again and again
10,Shelby Henry Ford the Second Scene
10,The best movie ever! You've ripped the world apart! Make sure you watch it! Watch it twice. It's such a well-made movie. Christian Bale's acting is fantastic
10,Just watch it I lost track of time
7,I was calm and faithful to the basics
8,The standard of Hollywood movies. Well-made Hollywood movies. It's fun even if you don't shoot once
10,My acquaintance said that it's not fun for women
10,It's been a while since I've seen a manly trick. It was a movie where the thrill was not normal. It was fun.The direction is good
10,It's fun
8,How can it be the same as what my company does?
10,the power of drama without brakes
1,It's too long and boring to wait for the last half hour
10,Matt Damon + Christian Bale =!
9,It's fun.
10,What would you have done if you didn't watch it?
8,I feel again the OOO point of bureaucracy that what's good to see is important and what's good to see from the top.
10,It's so funny
10,I really enjoyed it Haha
10,I really enjoyed it Haha
9,A knack for making people search for cars they don't care about.
10,Please watch it when it's hung in the movie theater
10,One of my life movies with 3 best scenes
10,I watched a movie at 7500 RPM
10,The last time I slow down is impressive
8,This is interesting. This is the most interesting movie that has been released recently
10,I'm so touched that I'm in a car with actors
9,The middle managers are always the problem
8,Christian Bale's acting is the best
10,Christian Bale as Genius and Idiot
8,Batman and Jason Bourne's action scenes are so breathtaking...Best action scene since the hand-to-hand fight between Hugh Grant and Colin Firth.
10,Great actors' acting and speed...  It's the best movie ever.
10,A work that shows why Ford and Ferrari are in their current position
10,There's no time to be bored for 2 hours and 30 minutesWe strongly recommend it. ^^
10,I didn't know there would be such a ggondaesa in a country like America
10,So immersed in the movie that its name is at 7000 rpm
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,A movie that you can feel the value of when you watch it on a big screen.  I couldn't relax throughout the movie because I felt like I was actually in a racing car.
10,I'm glad I saw it in the movie theater. I can't believe I'm so into car movies.^^
9,Take a look at it at the time of doubt. It's a good movie.
10,I think it's a movie that lingers
10,It was long but fun cool
9,Hello. I heard it too
9,It's just a well-made movie. You won't regret watching it.
10,Hello! What's wrong with Korean lines?
10,James Mangold Christian Bale Matt Damon is the best.
10,Wow... Christian Vale's acting... goosebumps.
10,Time really flies. You're the best
10,Shut up and watch if you're a man. Watch twice
10,a movie worthy of being called a racing masterpiece
10,A movie that makes me reflect on whether my job is challenging or if I'm crazy enough for it now
7,h
10,Sigh... It's the best...Look twice
10,It was a great opportunity to get to know Ken Miles
8,A craftsman and a businessman... The difference between respect and helicopter...
10,Is it a Ford boycott?lol
10,It was so much fun. I was so immersed in spring
8,It is a movie that is so immersive that you can't feel that the running time is long.
10,A bully Ford vs Ferrari. Good!
10,What Words Do You Need? The Best Movie of 2019 That Can Be Tied Up With The Joker
10,It's so much fun. A man's dream
10,The pure passion of the main character melted by Christian Bale touches the heart. I really enjoyed it.
10,It was the best movie with the best actors based on a dramatic true storyIt's so touching
8,The actors' acting was good. Recommend.
8,a movie in which actors' performances and car racing are great
10,This movie is really great.a poignant filmI was impressed
9,Never buy a Ford - a movie that makes Ford executives anti-fodder
10,The rating of this movie is trustworthy
10,It's such a good movie.
10,I enjoyed the movie.Thank you for letting me watch such a movie
8,A movie that felt dirty but exhilarating.
10,The best! Everything is the best! 7000rpm!
10,I enjoyed it Haha
10,a heart-throbbing drama I want to experience 7000 RPM.
10,This is the best movie of my life
10,The big running time went by so quickly
10,Two and a half hours passed after hearing the sound of engine and exhaust.There was a great sense of immersion and the actors' acting was good.
10,It was fun enough even if I didn't
7,Fordgt is also an overmanufacturer
7,I'd like to have a car. It wasn't very funny. Because of the situation where the dramatic flavor is being dropped in between.
9,It's so much fun
9,It's a movie that's good for you to be immersed and it's very moving
9,I think it's more touching because it's a true story
8,I should've watched it on Screen X. It's the saddest thing because I'm watching it's a bummer
10,It was the best car movie ever based on facts
10,This is a movie. It was a story where I could focus on the competition between Ford and Ferrari and Le Mans 24 without trying to teach a lesson like any other country's movie
10,Perfect engine sound. It's the OST
8,Something that money can't buy
8,It's a perfect variation of RPM! The tight hot harmony makes the heart cry with small vibrations.
8,A film that shows how valuable it is to dream and to be crazy about it
10,One of the most interesting movies I've ever seen
9,the smell of oil burning with their passion
9,It's fun. The sound is amazing
7,I can't believe the main character of Punisher is here.Surprised. Too bad Ford isn't in F1. A fairly long running time. It was a movie worth watching for me who likes F1. I watched it with my wife for an hour 3 weeks ago and ended it today.
2,It's not really
9,a story based on a true story Ken and Shelly's bond... Face a cross section of history.
10,a film that brings out flavor instead of squeezing it
10,A fun movie that you haven't seen in a long time. Do Korean directors feel like they need to improve?
9,I enjoyed it
10,The True Men's Story
10,It's so much funThrilling
10,The fact that Christian Bale and Matt Damon are coming out is a fantastic combination.
10,Two and a half hours can't be this short. One of the best movies that never gets boring!!
10,It was really good. I like the story.
10,That's great. I don't need any more explanation
10,As expected of Ferrari! Ford was a bunch of oldies.
6,It's so boring... I don't know why the ratings are so...
8,Now I know what a great game Le Mans 24 was. You're so cool
8,It's... It's... It's...
10,I enjoyed watching a movie that is not interested in political instigation
9,This is fun.
10,I really wanted to run home after watching a movie
10,It's my favorite movie. It's a meeting between K-Action and Racing
10,I watched it with sweat in my hand
10,It's the best movie of my life
6,I was a little bored.There's nothing special.
9,It's like a movie that reminds me that life is like this
10,I think of Bri Bri-hyun all the time I watch the movie
10,I lost track of time.
8,I don't know what to do with a video
1,It's too long and boring to wait for the last half hour
10,I watched one of my favorite movies in the last 5 years... I didn't even know it was going by 2 hours. I will download the DVD and keep it
9,Christian Bale and Matt Damon
10,People who chase dreams are beautiful!
8,Take the trollers and challenge the two dreamy old men to be number one in the industry.
6,I was watching it well and got annoyed because of the ending. Did you have to kill him? His acting was the best.
8,미미It was fun. I watched it without sleeping
9,Car action is the best.
10,A great movie that's both fun and touching
10,It's my first time using a GPA It was the most interesting movie in my 25 years of life
10,It's been a while since you made a touching story with great directing and acting
5,I was just so-so. The ratings were so good that I watched it and I just...
10,Well-made racing movies that satisfy the five senses.
10,Both the acting and the story are outstanding. It's a great piece of work. It's just that Ford executives are so repulsive that I wanted to squeeze...Thank you for letting me know that there was such a talented person in the world!
10,Stories and psychological descriptions are all good. I strongly recommend it.
10,You don't need to say anything. You'll know when you see it
9,There is a wonderful lingering feeling of living with conviction and passion in life. A man who likes cars and his couple are seen in the movie theater a lot. Regardless of age...
9,It was a movie that made me focus after a long time. I don't know why there weren't many theaters.
10,I got goosebumps all over my body at 7000 rpm.
10,It's fun! ^^♡ I want to watch it again
10,This is the movie
9,Andean Legal Plan Bounty Adolf Saint Antoine Plan Local Tax
9,A movie that you must watch on the screen.
10,I'm glad I watched it before I went down to the theater
10,Legend
9,It's a true story that fits the sentiments of that era
8,*)((*&^*&%* My heart is pounding from the second half of the year.&^$&
7,It's not a racing movie. It's a man's growth movie
10,I'm very satisfied with all the directing and acting stories
10,A movie to watch in a movie theater.My heart was pounding for 150 minutes.
1,a film centered on a particular fanatic
1,I give you 1 point because your faces are too dark
10,The tension of all time
10,My best racing movie. people who have survived the real thing
10,It's a great movie.Make sure to watch it
10,A film about Ford's greatness
10,It was the first time I knew that car racing was such a pain in the neck.
10,You're the bestU.S
10,It's been a long time no see
9,7000 RPM for fun
10,It was a movie that showed the difference between a merchant and a craftsman
10,It was the best movie ever!
9,It's fun. It's sad
10,I really enjoyed watching it!
10,A movie that doesn't feel like running time.
7,The story of winning with a driver that seems a bit lame... So so so!
10,Lawyer Han Moonchul's "What'
8,Christian Bale's perfect Ken Miles performance
10,I have no choice but to say that it's the best
10,I was more excited and cheered at Daytona than Le Mans
10,It's really amazing! I respectfully enjoyed it!
10,It's the best movie ever Ken's so cool
10,It's fun!
10,So-or-eureum-honey-jam
8,We're going crazy over 7000
10,A man who lives only when he runs
10,It's the best...! Haha
10,This is a movie worth paying for. It is so different from the level of Korean movies that people curse at each other all the time. Why are the tickets the same?
8,a must-see movie for a man
8, easy
10,I was very satisfied
9,You don't have to say much. It's a masterpiece.
10,There's not much to say You'll know when you see it
9,It's good
10,Just a perfect score! A perfect score! You can enjoy the heart-throbbing moments of both men's burning passion.
10,It's just good... crying
10,A movie full of immersive sounds
10,I really enjoyed watching it at the theater. I really enjoyed it.
9,I really enjoyed watching it. It's the best race that you can make to the end despite the difficulties!
10,I took my mother with me and I was so shocked What a great movie!
10,It was as fun as 7000 RPM
10,This is a movie. Ferrari
7,Tragedy between pure passion for cars and compromise for money.
10,The production that boosts my racing instinct. The speed scene is amazing. I can feel the feeling in the world
10,I realize once again that you don't buy American cars. The movie is chewy.
8,It was an interesting story
10,The best movie I've seen in 2019!
9,How dare you make such a good movie that you thought you'd say "Long live America!The main actors' acting is... Is there anything that's lacking when acting geniuses perform together? It's a shame that this kind of movie doesn't get much attention in Korea
10,I didn't expect much but it was fun!
10,You can enjoy racing vicarious satisfaction with the sound and even Matt Damon Christian Vale's acting competition.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. Exciting. Heart beating
10,the best movie
9,adrenaline charging The acting and human story of the two actors are also touching
10,It makes my heart race and makes me clench my hands clench my hands
10,It's fun
10,Christian Bale is also a great actor!!Alberto acted well too
10,More than the title
7,The engine is ringing
10,Best movie of 2019 with Joker
10,Whether the movie was two and a half hours long. I found out when I came here to get my GPA It went by so quickly
10,I really enjoyed watching it. It's the best!
9,It's so much fun!I strongly recommend it!
10,The best movie I've ever seen in 2019
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed it
9,Best movie released in 2019
10,A hymn to the flame at 7000 RPM in the chest
10,Time flies without getting bored.It's so much fun.
10,a film with the best directing and acting
9,(Singing "M
9,You have to see...
10,The perfect movie. The birth of a masterpiece
10,I can't forget the look on Mile's face that I thought won first place. Ha... I think it's a movie that I really don't like Ford.  The actors' acting was amazing and the immersion was crazy.
9,A movie for men is urgent and interesting
10,I was so nervous that my hands were sweating
10,A movie that makes your heart race and makes you think a lot
10,The Best Movie of 2019
9,Christian Bale + Matt Damon. It's fun
9,Look at his acting skills. His eyes were so happy
1,This is really fun?Not enough narrative. Gorgeous racing is behind even Gta5. It's really calm. It's like a soup with no seasoning
10,The best movie of 2019
10,I felt something coming out of my heart after a long time.Sports mode after watching...The back of the head in the passenger seat!
9,The story of people running endlessly dreaming of infinite speed. Victory and passion for machines meet the limitations of the system. The breathtaking race scene stands out.
10,The best movie of 2019!
10,The movie itself is perfect
10,It was the best movie ever
8,a film that shows the difference between producing a car as just an object or a production
10,Awesome cool movie. And Godvale.
10,Ken Miles' death was so sad.
10,My favorite movie. I want to keep it to myself
10,A movie that makes me think about what I want to do.
10,There is Stinger in KoreaLOL
10,It was fun :) The most memorable movie I watched this year
10,It was fine.
8,I want to sell it to Ford
10,There are people who believe that the movie is true and think that Ford is lower than Ferrari. That's hilarious
10,A movie that shows Batman and Jason Bourne fighting scenes of the century
10,A movie that answers the question of whether existing craftsmen are needed in a new era
10,Great Racing & Strong Messages
10,It's fun! I recommend this movie
10,The two men who were the only rivals for Ferrari back then
10,My hands won't sweat all the time. It's the best
10,It feels like my blood is boiling with the sound of the engineIt's been a while since I was so into itI can't believe that I couldn't give this kind of movie because of a Korean movie that is not as good as BD S.
10,Interesting movies that keep you immersed. Trusting and choosing a poorly oriented domestic movie produced with subsidies.
10,It's a lot of fun Just watch it
10,I watched it with my hands full of energy. It's so much fun
8,A movie that makes you want to buy a Ferrari
9,It was the best ever. I hope you watch it
10,The best movie of 2019 I've ever seen.1.3 million viewers even though it's a minor genre.
10,I was so happy and sad. One of the best Hollywood movies I've seen in my life.
10,It's really fun. I strongly recommend it!
10,What I want to do is a great movie of people who always do it
8,You have to stop well rather than run well.
6,Italians hate this movie
10,I felt like I was on a racing trip to Italy and France. Christian Vale's acting was amazingThe first movie to give a perfect score
10,Totally the best
9,I watched it without any expectations. It was a really impressive movie Recommendation! Recommendations!
10,It's the most movie-like movie I've seen recently. This is the movie!
9,How would it have been if the two Juyeon changed roles?
10,I could see what it was to be nervous and sweaty.
10,Everything you can expect from an entertainment movie
10,I watched my favorite movie four times in the theater for the first time
1,We'll have to get in the knife truck. Let's get a hold of ourselves
10,The movie that made me forget the running time is the best
10,The tension was endless and the content was great
10,I watched a proper movie after a long time. I recommend it!
10,There aren't many theaters. It's really fun. I watched it yesterday and I'm going to watch it again today
10,It's fun! It's fun even though I'm not interested in racing
9,It was fun.
9,I lost track of time
10,X Caution: No driving immediately after watching the movie
10,It's a masterpiece! Make sure to watch it!
10,Best movie I've seen in 2019 - Parasite and Ford V Ferrari
10,This movie barely exceeds a million... Why???
6,I'm a little too tame for the Fast and Furious series. I am
8,A movie that shows each person's attitude and passion. The fancy car racing action is incidental.
9,I commend you for your performance in Bale
9,I made it so well that I don't know how 2 hours and 30 minutes passed.
10,If you like tea!I love Bourne and Batman's great acting
10,It was the best. Really?
10,A movie that makes even people who aren't interested in cars beat their hearts
10,Action and touching. The best movie of 2019!
10,The best movie I've seen recently
8,It showed a realistic racing drama.
10,A must-see movie for men
9,vhemvpfkfl gpsflvhem tkwkd tkrlRns
10,This movie itself was perfect
10,I didn't know it was too long That's how much fun it is
8,It was fun. It was fun and touching
10,It was the best movie of 2019
10,It was touching. It was touching.
10,It was so much fun
10,Immersion and acting skills are the best!
9,That's great. The charm of a car is
10,I read the score and thoughtlessly watched it.It's been a while since I saw a movie that made my heart race.I strongly recommend it.
10,Why is the car movie so interesting?
10,It's been a while since I watched it with my heart pounding.
10,It's been a while since I watched it in a lot
9,It's more touching than I thought. I really enjoyed it. I highly recommend it to those who like racing.
10,The acting story is really good!
10,It's amazing that it was 152 minutes of running time after finishing the movie. You don't have to worry if you hesitate to watch a movie because you don't know much about cars (7000 RPM). You just have to know that the fast car wins.
10,It was so much fun!
9,I enjoyed watching it. I think it'll be more fun for people who like cars to watch
10,The car and the speed. Fantastic
10,I was riding a race car for two hours.
10,It is the most interesting and touching movie I have seen in the past year. I'll watch it again if I have time.
10,You're meeting the best movie of 2019 all of a sudden here?
7,It wasn't bad to watch as a killing part
10,A movie with all the emotions
10,I can feel the crazy speed.The best movie I've seen recently
10,This is a movie. And the actors' acting is real
10,A movie you want to watch more than two or three times if you are a mechanical engineering student!
10,It was one of the movies that I thought was really fun
10,The Ferrari president raised his hat to express his respect. the highest compliment among the players
10,It's worth watching.
9,A moving movie...Christian Vale's acting is really good.Matt Damon is covered
3,Bored.. so bored
10,a wordless film
10,Best Movie of the Year
10,It's so much fun. I lost track of time and watched it
10,Everything is perfectSomeone wrote in the comments that they want to step on the road while driving home after watching a movie. I 100% agree with you
10,I enjoyed it Haha
8,I don't know if my expectations were too high
10,The movie combines the best actors with the visual beauty that seems to have digitized the real friendship and analog sensibilities of racers whose lives are completely curved in cars.
9,It's like I'm in the car and watching a movie.
10,Best movie I've seen this year
10,This movie is just crazy. My heart beats at 7000 rpm
10,I don't think I need words. I'm just thankful that the best actors made the best movies.Thank you for making this movie!
10,Nervousness is the best. Acting is the best
10,It's a work that I want to give a high reputation as a better view of other works by skipping the Frozen trends that are repeated every time. It's strange to see that it's distributed to Walt Disney
10,Matt Damon Christian Vale. You're a genius actor
10,This movie is my life movieIt's so good. You'll regret it if you don't watch it
10,It's just the best.
10,Calm but not boring
10,It's a man's movie that a man must do!
9,You have to see it for yourself.
10,It's the first movie that my sixth-grade daughter's heart beat
10,Can our country make this kind of movie?
8,It was better because it was a true story
9,I really enjoyed it.
6,Who can beat the passion of 7000 rpm?
9,My heart rate is 7000 rpm
10,a man's film
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen this year. 7000 RPM... It's crazy
10,H.A.P.P.Y. Happy.
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for a second.a thrill
10,I hope Hyundai officials will see it. I hope a great manufacturer comes out in Korea
10,A real man movie that's too precious to be buried like this.
10,an interesting history story of a brand
10,Sometimes they can't get out of the car
8,Everything from the history of the car company to the race was fierce. It's fun as the movie progresses.
10,the impeccable performance of two actors The short life of the protagonist.
10,It's my first Naver movie rating. a masterpiece
6,It's a movie worth watching a few times.
10,It's not worth the money
10,This is the perfect movie
10,Bale is still alive~♡
10,Perfection itself
10,It's "Jam Runner". I didn't know
9,. Engine sounds and brakes. I lost track of time. It was so much fun.
10,What would it be like to ride a car at 7000 RPM?You can tell by watching this movie
10,The movie that I thought would be boring went by like a song for 2 minutes and 30 seconds
10,Movies are like thisMust be seen in the theater
10,It was more fun than Cyber Formula
10,My heart almost exploded in the highlight part of the movie
10,Feels like you're enjoying a racing game in the first person. ENGENE sounds good
10,Every scene is precious. Endless passion for what you like and do well. It's a story that makes us reflect on ourselves because we're always busy measuring things before we do anything. 5 stars already just watching Matt Damon and Christian Bale for 2 1/2 hours.
10,Ford vs Ferrari vs Spark...
10,The movie
10,Recommended for viewing with wide screen and good sound system
9,It's more touching because it's a true story. I really enjoyed watching it.
9,Matt Damon's race at the start of the movie was impressive.
9,It's a little tricky at first I'm getting into character. It's fun.
10,Just watch it. The plot and the story are all goodThere are some things that make me think. It was fun. It wasn't a waste of money ^^
8,I just want to feel 7000 RPM.I know what zero gravity feels like.^&^
7,It's longer than I expected. Maybe it's because I looked forward to it a lot. I like your acting skills and real life
10,Best movie of 2019
10,Good.
10,I already miss him running on the asphalt.
7,It wasn't as fun as I expected
10,I love the sound of the engine10 points for two main actors' acting skills
10,Ha. The movie is 7000 RPM. I watched it at the movie theater. Good job
10,It was so much fun --T
10,I really enjoyed it! I lost track of time
9,A movie that expresses men's lives well.
10,It's the best movie in my life.
9,The engine sound... It's crazy
8,It's more interesting because it's a true story.Thank you for the eye candy.
10,It's been two hours. I couldn't believe it when I left the theater
6,There was no reversal for two and a half hours. Bale and Daven's performance was unrivaled and nothing to watch
9,It's been a while since I watched a movie. It's the best
10,What can't Bale really do?
8,a textbook for automobile racing movies
10,It makes my heart flutter even when I see it twice
7,More than I thought... It was just worth watching.
9,It's been a while since I enjoyed watching it.Driver and Vice President... I understand both.^^
9,a Korean vice presidentLOL
10,The racing was a good melting pot of dirty social life. Wasn't the greeting for the opening country service?
9,There should be a lot of movies like this.
10,This is a movie
10,an inspirational and motivating film
10,I lost track of time. I enjoyed it so muchIt's the best movie
10,It's really immersive. It's a movie that's fun even if you don't like cars
10,It was the best.Perfection without missing an actor or a director.One of the best movies of the year
10,I liked it's
7,an American national film.m. film
10,The smoke is killing me.
9,I think I really lost track of time and focused on it I love this kind of movie
10,It's so much fun. My favorite movie
9,Christian Bale smells like Daniel Day Lewis. a fine film
6,It's an emotional movie about a dream and there's a bit of a cringe-worthy directing
10,I didn't expect much.It's not just a score
10,a heart-warming movie I can see why I stopped watching the angry run
1,I don't understand any of the contents if the translation is not done properly
10,4DX is the best. Ae-young ♡ I can't sleep because of lingering feelings ^^ I thought it wasn't because Christian was so ugly ^^ ^ It's an explosion of coolness. I strongly recommend it
10,Start jute. So much fun until the end
10,The actors were so good at acting that I was able to focus on them
10,It was thrilling and fun to watch.There was no time to be bored.The acting is good and the content is good.It was the best.
10,You'll find the first bit of boredom was gear one. I hope you can feel the acceleration of 2nd and 3rd stages
10,It's been a while since I watched a lot
7,Acting and racing scenes are good. There's a bit of a drag.
10,Wow! It was really impressive! I really liked that it was a true story! Nice one! I'm giving you 10 stars
10,I thought my heart was going to explode. It's okay if you look forward to it.
10,think of human beings in a system
10,It was a thrilling and fun movie. McDamon is so cool!?
10,I love racing
8,It is regrettable that the competition structure lacks 2 percent. Had the rival elements been highlighted more clearly whether Ferrari was the main rival or the internal decision maker was the rival.
8,It's consistently speedy. It's impressive that the characters who don't care about the shallow tricks are strong. This is fun.
10,I saw it at Megabox ATMOS Hall. It was great to see the rich sound. I didn't know the running time would go by so quickly
10,I am ashamed of the Korean works that are being screened together
10,I want to buy a manual car.
10,2019 begins with Bohemian Rhapsody and ends with Ford V Ferrari
8,It was fun. It was exciting
10,Best acting skills. Interesting content. Not boring for a second
9,This kind of movie is highly regarded... It's true that it's playing for a long time. That's right Well-made
7,Rainy Le Mans 24 is like a cartoon character. It's a bummer
10,It's not a movie that's going to fall behind Mt. Baekdu - I recommend you to watch it at the movie theater soon!
8,The thrill and motivation of the last game is good
10,It's a really cool movie that makes your hands sweat♀?
10,I was sweating and nervous And I thought I was running in Le Mans
7,But is it action Yeonhwa?;
10,I tried to copy it at gta and it exploded
10,The best movie of 2019. It's not just a race. It's a story. What is an individual who sacrifices for an organization?!
10,The scene of the last Le Mans 24 match was really impressive!
10,It's been a long time since I saw a well-made movie.Christian Vale. Met Damon... Good casting.
9,I eat first with my acting skills and the story is fun. The racing scenes are worth watching.
10,The acting was good and it was fun that the storyline was solid.I saw it with my son who likes tea because he said he wanted to see it
9,A movie that doesn't have anything to download! I definitely recommend it
7,It is worth watching because of the racing scene.The running time is too long for the content.
9,It's fun. Christian Bale's acting is the best!
10,It's fun. It's fun
10,It's a movie that even women like. Ultra capson is the best!I don't want to buy a Ford.
8,I'm glad I watched it - it's a movie that I think of.
1,It's my first time... I didn't know I had this many part- I didn't know...
9,A movie that you want to go to 7000 rpm
10,It was so fun and touching
9,The main character's short but bold life... A life that not everyone can follow... I'm afraid to imitate him
10,Best movie I've ever seen in 19
10,So much fun. So much fun. Chewing. So much fun. So much fun!
10,What money can't buy A person who loves his or her work purely and has passion
10,I think the domestic theater scene represents Ken Miles. This kind of work should take more time. It's 1 a.m. Not once a day!
10,Just look at it for yourself. You can feel the thrill and emotion with the sound only when you go to the movie theater.
6,I guess I was really looking forward to it. It wasn't as good as NAVER's movie rating of 9.3 But the music in the movie was really good The actors' acting was of course good^^
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen in almost a year. It's a shame that more people can't see such masterpieces because of the screen monopoly
10,The story is so dramatic that it's almost a true story
10,I want to be vice president of Ford
10,It's so much fun. I love all the stories
10,It's a movie that made my heart beat all the time I watched it without getting tired of it.
8,He's good at acting. I enjoyed it
10,This movie is perfect. Even Molly in Ken's wife is fantastic.
9,The friendship between Carol Shelby and Ken Miles. a car-loving film
9,With the sound of an engine... Boom Boom Boom boom!
10,It was fun. Hello. That's the point
10,The perfect movie that ended 2019
10,There's no time to be bored! I recommend it!
9,7000rpm...I enjoyed watching it~~
10,I enjoyed watching the movie throughout the whole time
10,It's the best movie ever~ I'm totally immersed in the sound of my heart bursting and the tension ^^
10,It's the best. I'll see you again.
10,I'm just crazy. Please watch it at the theater
10,This movie is real.Just look.
10,That's great ^^ Make sure you watch it on the big screen
10,I watched a great movie after a long time
10,I really enjoyed watching it because the solid story and the actors' great acting went well together!!!
10,A masterpiece buried between trash and Korean movies
7,A driver who has to fight shallow capitalism.
8,It was fun. It was nice to see Met Damon's deep wrinkles after a long time.But Christian Bale's acting is the best. be watching a racing sceneThe ending is just around the corner. I strongly recommend watching it in 4DX. I wonder how many people are watching right now.I can confidently say that it is the best 5 movies of the year.
2,I turned it off after watching it for 10 minutes.It's not funny.
10,The story is interesting and it is very realistic with many sports cars
10,It's so much fun~Five stars
10,It was the best movie I've seen this yearI can't believe it's only a million
10,I keep thinking about "Seven Toussen RPM." This movie is so good!
10,The galloping of anger has disappeared.
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words
9,Batman V Jason Bourne
10,Who clapped for the last Miles? Ford can never go beyond Ferrari
10,It's so much fun. It lingers in my mind.
9,I was sweating until the very endIt's so much fun even when I wake up.
8,It was nice to see Ford and Ferrari in the old days and they were just as cool as OOO in sports cars
10,It's a really awesome movie
6,a Ford with a door closed a film as stuffy as
10,It's so much fun. Watch it twice
9,Christian Bale's acting is amazing
9,Jam continuous sound
8,The running time is longer than I thought. You have to watch it carefully to understand the context. It's fun.
10,It's a masterpiece
10,It was so much fun. I didn't know it was boring for more than 2 hours
10,Best. Add to the list of best movies
10,Thank you
6,It wasn't as good as I thought It's worth watching
10,I'll go to the theater twice in 2019. To watch Endgame and Ford v Ferrari.It is surprising that these two movies can be viewed at the same price as Korean movies.
2,The ending is totally weird. I think it'll be hard for people who don't like cars to watch.-
10,Best movie to remember for a long time
10,It's so much fun I really enjoyed it Make sure you watch it
10,I want to see a great movie one more!
9,It's touching. The actors' acting...
9,It would have been more fun if I watched it at the theater
10,I enjoyed watching "Zoomma in her 30 years ago
10,A well-made movie that I couldn't relax the whole time.  I don't know how bad executives are for the company.
10,Top 3 movies I've seen in recent years
10,It became the no.1 movie of my life
9,A movie about a perfect man with a car and a racing instinct
10,I really felt the thrill of blood boiling in my body.I lost track of time
10,It's as fun as Seven Taujand BifuM I hope you watch it!
10,I'm sick and tired of acting and directing
9,a legendary story The movie was inspired by the story.
10,Moments that are touched in life make me feel happy. I watched a movie that touched my heart after a long time. It's a good movie that's hard to meet these days
10,I feel suffocated and my heart beats
10,Korean movies? This is the movie
10,I can't forget the first scene. The sound was great
8,Ford is a bully
10,Make sure to watch "Gae-Jon-Jam
10,I think all the handsome actors and actresses are perfect in acting are perfect.
10,I'm sorry that I got pushed back because of Frozen. Please watch it
10,Racing on the way home afterwards
10,It's a perfect car. A movie
9,Carole and Ken's cammy is enough already.I think it's the best movie I've seen recently
10,V8 You have to watch a movie like this at the theater
10,It's so touching to see it on the big screenMy heart is pounding at the sound of the engine
10,Chairman Ford's fat... Pig
6,There are a lot of elements but there's no intensity
10,Why are you making my heart flutter?
9,Matt Damon and Bale's performance alone is great
9,James Mangold made two must-see movies.Logan and this movie. The two films may have the same theme.Hero's power and car/racing skills were not the main characters.
10,Garbage is different from Korean movies  Please watch it
10,Well-made in every way
10,Why Ford can't do Ferrari
10,A man who puts everything into the "work" he loves. And the wicked who exploit and exploit it. Can you compare it to Korean movies? It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece.
10,It was touching and fun!
10,It's a moving and good-thinking movie! You're the best!
10,Just watch it. It's my favorite movie
10,It's fun
8,It was worth watching
10,The best story acting ability I've seen in 28 years of my life. Do I need more words?
10,The sound of the engine still hits my chest!
10,Time flies!!!I'm sad that there aren't many theaterscrying
9,The best video sound story is serious
10,She's so immersed that she doesn't have time!
8,Action story directing. All advanced
10,The best movie you have to watch at the theater
10,Watch it in 4D
10,This is a movie that will be fun to watch in the movie theater.
10,I didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes long. It's really fun It's really...
10,I enjoyed watching it Haha
10,It was so much fun and I was so angry that I didn't want it to be real
10,It's so much fun
9,Immersion and acting are the best!
7,The speed was worth watching
10,I'm totally satisfied with Christian Vale's acting
10,It's the best movie I've seen since 2019!Make sure to watch it in 4dx!I just saw it and I want to see it!It's the best! I even think it's too cheap It's my first time leaving a hook like this!Make sure to watch it!
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie with no regrets about money
10,Matt Damon movie without failure!
9,Something sticky that transcends the Ford vs Ferrari confrontation
10,Watching this movie at the theater was a good move
10,I know movies aren't all the sameBut this movie is very memorable.
10,That's cool. It motivates me a lot to live today by doing my best and being satisfied with what I like.
8,The directing and acting were so good. It was good to feel the la unexpectedly
7,I saw it because I heard it was a great movie. I don't like it...
9,I'm happy to see an interesting movie after a long time.^^
9,I want to buy a nice car. The actors are so good at acting
10,It's the movie of my life movie. Make sure you watch it. It is also recommended for people who are not interested in cars or actions.
10,This is a movie... My wife who knew how to sleep is the best movie of her life. I hope it goes up in the charts
10,What is the purpose of the movie? Isn't it fun?
8,It's a bit boring but fun
10,I lost track of time.I didn't realize the movie was long until it was over.The sound of the car engine is very exciting^^
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Best movie I've seen this year!Why isn't there enough theaters for this kind of movie?It's a good movie even for me as a woman.
10,It's the best movie of 2019.I didn't know it was a long movie  It's a must-see movie at the theater^^
10,This is a movie that will change the world.
10,I'm going to buy a racing game after watching this
10,I really enjoyed watching it. What kind of movie is this fun? Tears come out from time to time.
10,It's the best. The sound of the engine is the best
10,It was a movie that made my heart race throughout the movie.
10,Two and a half hours... New Year's First Movie Success
10,It's a masterpiece. I strongly recommend it.
8,I watched Le Mans 24 because I felt like Christian Bale was going to die. Nothing's happening. This production may have saved this movie.
10,I could feel my heart beating throughout the movie. What I felt after watching this movie was that I had to see the rating rather than the movie ranking. The calm stories are touching.
10,I have no regrets. Please watch it!
10,I went to Mt. Baekdu yesterday and felt bitter. I went to Hong Kong by Ford vs Ferrari today after healing in Midway Island. This is the best! This is the movie!
10,The best! Ken Miles' innocence was so beautiful and sad.A true racer!
10,Innocent racer's passion and acting skills are the best!
10,It's really fun. My heart is pounding. It's been a while since I watched a movie called Yanghwa. I want to go watch it again.
9,It's fun
10,Realized why Ferrari is still recognized as the best car.
9,I thought it was a very well-made movie. It's a shame the crowd
10,The most heart-throbbing movie I've seen recently
8,It is the best acting movie with perfect visuals for 150 minutes.
10,Bessin always trusts and sees7000 rpm immersion
10,Why did we barely get over a million? It's the funniest...
1,Baekdusan Mountain is more fun
10,Who will win if Batman and Jason Bourne fight?
8,It was so fun that I lost track of time
10,The long running time went by overshadowingly quickly.
10,I thought about living my life like Ferrari and Miles.
10,This is called a movie
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie with 10 points
10,The best movie. It was a masterpiece
9,This movie is a man's movie
10,I chose it after looking at the review and it's the best.I feel like I'm watching a racing game. Make sure to watch the big screen theater in a good place.
10,A realistic ending... I don't want to go to work
10,I'm tearing up and choking up.
10,The best car movie. You're so into it
10,It's so much fun. The actors' acting was no joke and the plot was great
10,It's my first time to get a rating.It's the best
10,It's fun if you watch it out of your mindlessly
8,I think the two actors acted and directed the music story
10,A movie I can't get enough of. You can feel the thrill of racing as it is. A movie that makes you think about life.
10,I watched it while feeling nervous. It was nice to hear the engine sound
9,The passionate performance and director's direction of luxury actors who didn't make it into a cold and overflowing action racing movie
10,The sound of the car engine sounds like music. I watched it without any information. I fell in love with it
10,Their lives are too good to be a racing movie
9,2 hours and 40 minutes went by so quickly
10,Everything is perfect!
10,Art! I don't need words
9,Matt Damon and Christian Bale's fantasy combo
9,Ford chose money but Ferrari chose Pride for cars!!That's where Ford and Ferrari are now
8,I want to feel like I'm running fastlol
2,I'm sleepy. I just woke up
7,So Ford hasn't won since then.
10,The most memorable movie of 2019
10,Time flies... It was the most interesting movie I watched recently
10,It's been a while since I saw a man's movie
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,The friendship and speed scenes of the two were appropriate.
10,It was nice to know the history of Ford and Ferrari and everything about mentor racing What an interesting movie ^^
10,I like you all
10,The production and story based on a true story are touching
10,The actors' acting skills are really...My hands are sweating I strongly recommend it
10,My favorite movie
10,It's normal when we get first place  People really don't know how to watch movies. What a shame
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like this. It's the best movie of the year
10,A must-see movie in the theater!I'll see you at IMAX... I regret seeing you late. Watch it before you get out of the theater.
10,I watched it on the last day of December and I lost track of timeIt was fun to watch a woman with no backgroundI'm wondering because the reservation ranking is lower than I thought
10,There's never been a movie that brought me to the cinema like this.I've seen it four times in 2019 and I hope I can see it again in 2020 :) I hope the theater doesn't go down
10,It was a good movie with touching and action.
10,A movie that tells us why Ford looks like an eternal mid- to low-end car
10,I feel like I've done a great job watching this. I felt thrilled and moved after a long time. Why this kind of movie isn't showing...
10,Watching the movie on the last day of 2019 was the best choice.
7,It's just so-so
10,Best movie of the year. Endgame Aladdin Frozen 2 and more.
10,Why did only 1.1 million people watch this? I don't understand
10,I don't need to say anything.It was so much fun!
10,I saw Ford's stupidity
1,It's really boring;;;
10,The title of the movie is not 'Ford v Ferrari'. It's Shelby and Ken.
10,It was so much fun It was even more touching to hear that it's a true story
10,I'm sick of Daytona.I thought you were being sucked into the screen. This is what a movie is like
10,A must-see masterpiece at the theater!
10,There is no need for words. 7000rpm
10,The last movie of the year 19 is a movie that is heart-warming with the madness and passion of the two men
8,You can see how I used to live in the past. The acting ability is very good. Character immersion is excellent. Obviously the female audience isn't interested. He likes all male audiences.
10,I didn't expect a lot from the poster. It's so much fun L
10,A man's movie... You cleaned up your rotten eyes after watching Hoot Cats
10,I watched "Amazing Spectacular Exciting Healyers" twice. I can see you again
8,One of the movies you'll regret forever if you don't watch it in theaters
10,A really fun movie. A must-see masterpiece
10,It's sad that it's a true story. It's fun
10,Everyone is so good at acting. Time flies!
10,I was sorry that it was the same price as a really boring Korean movie.  It's a shame that many people can't watch it because it's all a left-leaning movie  It's fun and there's something I feel  Good!
10,Do we need a horse with the best immersion level? It's Bale and Damon
10,Please watch it. Make sure to watch it on December 31st and it's my best movie of the year 2019 with Parasite.
10,My heart beats at 7000 rpm throughout the movie
10,It was so fun and touching
10,You're driving me crazy
10,Let's empty out some low-end movie theaters like Mt. Baekdu and stuff them with Ford V Ferrari
10,a soft but heart-rending goreon film
10,You have to increase the number of movies like this at the movie theater.
10,I highly recommend it!
8,Christian Vale's acting is amazing
10,Make sure to watch it. Watch it twice~~
9,I don't need to say anything. It's the best! There were so many racing scenes that I was very satisfied with. I thought it would be 3 cuts at most
10,Partnership. And I applaud your passion for dreams. A great movie that reminds me of what's important in life.
8,I loved the acting of the two masters!
10,It's not boring. It's so much fun It's fun to watch racing
9,The price of ignoring passion is clear to Ford now
9,A man's movie... The sense of speed is crazy.
10,I watched it yesterday and I thought it would have been more fun if I watched it in 4D. The directing is amazingI didn't realize that 2 hours and 30 minutes went by
10,This is the movie... Mt. Baekdu is
10,You can be immersed in the liveliness of the track and the crazy acting of the two actors
10,I've seen everything. I'm not as good as Ford v Ferrari Strongly recommend
10,Matt Damon looks great
10,The best movie of the year. I hope everyone watches it
10,It's the best. Please watch it at the theater
6,I desperately need the sound of an engine that controls emotions that I can't handle.
10,a battle between a craftsman and a tradesmanAnd the difference between Ford and Ferrari after a long time.
10,Look.
10,My heart was pounding. I couldn't take my eyes off it
10,It's a movie that really makes your heart race!
10,It's my favorite movie. Please watch it
10,Why is this masterpiece only 1.17 million? Isn't there a zero in the back?
10,It's a rare masterpiece. I was so busy watching it.
10,Zigbong! Zigbong! Zigbong!
10,The best! I can't believe this kind of movie is buried. Please increase the number of theaters~It's touching~Ending 2019 with a great movie!
10,Two and a half hours at 200 per hour
10,It's so fun. Everyone is good at acting. It feels like we've traveled in time!
10,It's really fun and the storyline is clear. I think it's the best movie that came out this year
8,I think the composition and story acting are solid...! Well-made!
10,A movie that makes you look back on your life.I look back and see if I've ever been crazy about anything.
10,It's fun! I focused until the end and watched it well
10,ENGINE'S SYMMON. The movie is already over
10,I hate myself for watching such a wonderful movie so late. I really enjoyed watching it from the beginning to the end.
10,Awesome. It's a loss if you don't watch it.The engine in my heart is hot
10,Does anyone know why this is 7th?
9,Ford's first and last "what"
10,I lost track of time because it was so fun!Make sure to go see it!
4,The action ratio is not high and the racing is not full of excitement. The movie is based on a true story. The movie was so slow to develop and disappointed
10,It was worth watching. I still remember the scene from the movie
10,A movie that doesn't miss anything about acting and directing
10,2 hours and a half really flew by
8,I didn't know Ford had such a complex with Ferrari. People who like cars are having so much fun
10,It's been a while since I've seen a Hollywood movie
10,You can feel 7000 RPM with your whole body
10,This is a real racing movie
10,It's a race from 1000 rpm to 7000 rpm. It's not a movie to watch once. The most interesting car movie I've ever seen.
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year
10,I didn't just listen to a famous actor. I'm going to get the speed and emotion together
9,This is what a movie is like
10,an exhilarating victory over the war criminal enterprise representing the war criminal state America Bless God.
10,This is unprecedented I feel like I became one with the car throughout the movie.
10,a film that deals well with a man's dream
10,It is a movie that lingers even three days after watching the movie.
10,The movie is not just about speed and thrill.There's nothing missing from the directing story.
10,Why didn't this movie exceed 3 million? It's a masterpiece
10,Quite a long time passed by without a dull moment to be boredom. It was a movie that didn't waste money after a long time
9,Is it just me? It's hard to see foreign currency in the movie theater.
10,Story expression...Production... What's lacking?Three hours went by so quickly...
9,I'm sweating. I'm sweating
10,Park Pyeong-sik gave seven. Cut the crap and just watch it with gratitude.
10,It's going to be a movie of my life. I've never written a review before
10,I've never seen such a funny movie on my way out
9,Confusion... Couple fight completely forgotten
10,It's so much fun. The camera angle and so on
10,I wonder if there's a movie that I've watched recently. My heart is still pounding! I just want to watch it one more time and it's heartbreaking because there aren't many theaters
10,It's a masterpiece that stimulates instinct. I didn't know it was going for 3 hours
10,I was so happy the whole time. This is the movie!
10,A movie that's both fun and touching
8,It's refreshing. It's so exciting
10,The performance in the racing scene is outstanding.
10,Best movie of the year! Ideological agitating Korean movies are trash!!  Learn a bit
10,I can't believe racing is this fun.I was so nervous and I cried. It was so much fun
6,Oh... Awesome. I guess I'm the only one who dozed off.
8,Why is only Action Jisoo coming out?
10,This is the best racing movie ever.
8,I wanted to hit him with a Ford vice president wrench.
8,The acting and directing are all the best
6,I fell asleep because I was bored in the beginningIt's worth watching from the middle of school
7,I went to see the race between Ford and Ferrari
10,Two and a half hours... It was so much fun
9,The real thing is always evaluated later.
9,It's so immersive. I couldn't sleep because I was worried I might miss the scene
4,I've only seen the Ford ad It's boring and boring as if one had been deceived by ratings
9,Ferrari is the best car
10,It's so much fun  Sound is good
10,It's a movie where my heart is boiling and I'm fascinated by mysterious ecstasy. My girlfriend enjoyed it
10,It's a masterpiece and a masterpiece. We need to do it in more places.I really recommend it. I strongly recommend it
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.The actors act like they're crazy.
10,It was based on a true story. I lost track of time and watched it.  I think the main character's acting skills are excellent and high quality
10,It is the best movie. Let's find 7000 MP's and go
10,I'll watch it again next time
10,Ken Miles' smile lingers in my head even afterwards.
10,It's been a while...More people should watch this kind of movie
8,It was fun. I liked the beauty of the video
10,A movie that makes you want to run
10,It's a must-see movie
10,A movie that you must watch if you like cars
10,It's a movie where my heart beats whenever the engine sounds louder
10,This is fun.
10,The brilliance of this year's film The Unseen
10,It's fun even if you look forward to it!
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure to watch it
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good movie!
10,A movie that you want to watch again in a big screen with good sound!
9,I'm boycotting Ford...
10,Don't be stereotyped as a movie that's only good for men to watch just because there's a car coming out
9,I like the story and the storyline...
10,I'm glad I saw you in the theater.
10,Why is this a million tourists?  I think there's one zero missing
8,I have no regrets if I've achieved a perfect rap even once in my life
10,It's my favorite movie. Why did I only watch a million movies?
10,a tear-jerking film for men
8,Self-governing. Good at telling boring or messy stories
10,The racing scene that makes your hands sweat is the best! Maximize tension with music! A movie that makes your heart beat!
6,He seems to have exceeded his GPA.  Baby driver was a lot more fun by my standards. Racing? It's a related movie.
10,I felt sorry for seeing the trash at the same price as Mt. Baekdu!
10,It's a life movie that can teach many lessons beyond just talking about cars. I hope you watch it at least once.
9,I'm sure those of you who watched it together had a little thrill around 7000 RPM.It's such a good movie
10,Two and a half hours with pure souls who know nothing but dreams.I want to pick the best movie of 2019.
9,7000 RPM reaches the limit of racing but never misses a human drama
10,You have to watch it in theaters. 4dx is better. The real problem is that there are fewer theaters
10,It's the best this year!~~
10,It's the best car movie of my life
10,Best movie in my life! Miss you again
10,One of the best movies of my life...It's a movie that you can only feel at the theaterI'm going to watch it again I
10,You made it well.It's touching and...
10,I think anyone can enjoy the long running time of more than 2 hours and 30 minutes even if they are not interested in passing movie cars like water flows without any boredom. I hope this movie goes viral and does well. It is a pity that I can see how much the three major theaters are turning away from just looking at small theaters and the number of screenings that are insufficient. Watch Ford V Ferrari in the theater and you'll see why.
10,Even female friends who don't like cars don't get bored and enjoy watching itI met my sister after a long time and she asked me if I watched "Ford Ferrari." This movie is not just for people who like cars
10,Best of Best
10,You'll know for sure if the Porsche Keybox is still on the left side of the handle
10,It's perfect. It's been a while since I've seen a movie that
9,A true story-based masterpiece created by the combination of excellent directing and actors' acting skills. The sound of the engine even echoes my heart.
10,It was a real man's movie.
10,There was no time for the racing scene to be boring. You directed it well.
10,My heart is beating! I have a feeling. It will be re-released in the near future Definitely. It's a masterpiece beyond a masterpiece!
10,The movie smells like oil
9,Ashton Martin. Ford Mustang. Colbat. Bentley Mulsan. Encho Ferrari. McLaren. And Christian Vale is the truth.
10,My heart thumped on the screen filled with the sound of the engine
10,A movie worth the price! Very satisfied
10,My heart beat wildly. I was so happy while watching. I am grateful to be able to see the two actors in the same work.
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for a second.Christian Bale and Matt Damon are the best!
7,Compared to my expectations...
10,2 hours and 30 minutes that were more exciting because it was a true story passed by
10,King King King Thermal Insulator
10,The movie was made up of solid lines and the actors' acting was amazing
10,There should be more movies like this.
9,An outstanding work that didn't miss out on the actors' acting videos
10,It's the movie I enjoyed the most this year. So much fun!
10,Two and a half hours fly by. Immersion is the best. You won't regret it
9,A must-see movie if you like cars! You want to step on the full accelerator right now.
10,The movie action story philosophy that is one of the top 10 movies in my life is all touching
6,I slept. The second half was fun
10,I lost track of time Haha
10,Solji's overall movie is sophisticated and cool. I don't know why people didn't watch the movie when the ratings were high and the overall movie was quite high quality
8,It shows the friendship of men
10,The best movie of my life. It's my first time to watch a movie with my mouth open
10,Let's watch Cho Seung-yeon's YouTube and get ready for Budweiser
10,A movie that heats up the hearts of real men at 7000 RPM
10,It's fun
10,It's more realistic than CG. an actor's acting skills Story. It's been a while since I saw a great movie.
10,This is a masterpiece! Great acting
10,A moving masterpiece based on a true story. It will be remembered for a long time
8,8 points for screaming and suddenly dying
10,Go! ♡♡ I should have watched this movie earlier
10,I really fell in love and enjoyed it! I recommend a movie!
10,The last car-chaining scene was simply art.
6,It's worth seeing. I'm a bit sleepy in the middle
9,It's not boring and I feel good!!!!
8,A movie with passion and responsibility in automobiles and history
10,Christian Bale's acting is so good that it makes me cryThe movie is fun^^
10,It's like a movie
10,I was sweating while watching it. Your acting was great and I think it was more fun based on a true story
9,I didn't know it was boring. I enjoyed it
10,I can't believe this kind of movie has few theaters. It was the most fun movie I've ever seen this year2 hours and 30 minutes go by so quickly
9,It would have been really bitter to see this at home. Run to the theater right now!
10,A movie that made your heart beat for three hours
10,Perfect from beginning to end
10,Perfect movie. I lost track of time
10,The best movie of the year! The movie you'll regret if you don't watch it at the theater!
8,It's too bad that I watched this movie in 2D
10,The movie that made my heart beat to 7000 rpm
10,Watching this movie in 4D x 2D was a great move. wear one's favorite movie
10,Why did I watch this now? Make sure you watch it at the movie theater. The engine sound is amazing
10,It was so much fun!
10,Best movie I've seen this year.If the number of theaters increased significantly.
10,I watched it late at night. I'll see you early in the morning tomorrow
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year
10,It's a shame that the theater is too smallIt's fun. The end
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie and I wanted to buy a Mustang
10,It's really cool. Please monopolize this movie and screen
10,It's crazy. They're all just... Awesome
10,I had a lot of fun.
10,I didn't have a second to be bored
10,Touching acting is the best! I'm an actual viewer
10,I had so much fun even though I don't know much about cars
10,I went to downtown Daegu to watch the movie because of the movie theater's power trip.It was so much fun. Please increase the number of good movie theaters.Make sure you watch it. A movie that you won't regret
10,great performances by great actors That long time passed like a race
10,The sound of car engines and brakes was like breathing. Perfect movie with high quality this winter. Please increase the number of theaters! What a waste of a ticket!
10,I really lost track of time and enjoyed watching it.I want to see you again later.Kill the sound of the engine in the theater.
10,I watched it with sweat. Christian Bale's acting is amazing. I think the editing was really nerve-wracking. It feels like I'm driving the whole time. Haha everything was great.
8,It's a movie that I really enjoyed watching
8,The video was active as if it were a game screen
10,It's a mythical story that will make both people who know and don't know much about cars fun
10,It's so touching. It' It's not a waste of money!^^
10,the greatest classic of iron
8,I could see the history of Ford and Ferrari at a glance.an enterprising film
10,This movie makes me feel like I ate rice soup. It's a healthy movie
10,A movie that you can't help but give 10 points. Christian Bale's unparalleled acting skills and solid support from Matt Damon and other supporting actors will be hard to forget the impact of the touching true story
10,This is a movie! It is a pity that such a good movie is not even being screened well due to the screen monopoly of domestic waste movies
8,It was okay to watch
10,Time went by so fast. It started and ended in a blink of an eye.
10,I'm sick of only saying hello to Encho Ferrari at the end.
10,It's a movie that the old guys at work should watch and reflect on themselvesOf course they think they don't?
10,I really enjoyed watching it with my Christmas family!
10,It was so much fun and I lost track of time.
10,I think people who are not interested in cars will be able to focus on it. I really enjoyed it!
10,I was cured of my bad words after seeing Mt. Baekdu
10,It's a real story. It's so much fun that it's been 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,It's so great that I don't know how time flies and it's best to watch spring in 4D.
10,We wrapped up 2019 properly
10,I want to watch it again. It was so much fun
9,This kind of movie needs to go over 10 million...
9,It's so immersive! I lost track of timeI was even more surprised to find out later that it was a true story
10,I will not forget the memory I saw on 4dx.
10,Make sure to watch the best movie at the movie theater
10,Two and a half hours passed in an instant!
10,150 minutes wasn't boring for a minute Haha
10,I'm going to watch it one more time before it goes down!
9,The race scene is good.
10,the best film of one's life There is no need for words.
10,Wow... A masterpiece... Why are there fewer theaters?
10,It's a very smooth movie.I strongly recommend it!
9,vr experience level racing production
8,The thrilling race scene based on a true story makes your hands sweatThe acting of Matt Damon and Christian Bale is full of coolness!
10,It's a masterpiece related to racing^^
9,It was good to hear the engine sound for two hours.
10,be impeccable
10,2 hours and 30 minutes passed by It's so much fun
10,If you like cars... I feel sad and sad about the ending of the bb
9,Best Movie of the Year
10,This is the first movie I've ever seen this year that I really enjoyed watching it
6,I'd like to change the title to Ford Executive V Field Job. And I think it's kind of crazy to make an extreme choice because the main character didn't win at the end.
10,I didn't know I would cry. moving
10,I recommended it to my acquaintances because it was a great movie.I got this movie in 2019.I hope you all watch it before you get off.
10,It's so much fun It was a movie that I wanted to watch lightly without any interest in racing. I really enjoyed it
10,I enjoyed it
9,I also ran at 7000 rpm.
1,a film of late 20th century sensibility that talks about the mid-20th century
10,I am writing a rating comment for the first time in my life.It is no exaggeration to say that it is my life movie.I understood all the comments hereAll I can think of is Ken Miles' tears.
9,Matt Damon and Christian Bale
10,You have to watch a movie like this in the theater
10,I miss you again Actors are so cool
10,It's a shame that I didn't see this in 4D. It's really strong
10,a film with a sense of speed and lingering imagery
9,I hope you'll be with us until the end.How much better would it have been? I enjoyed it.
10,It's so much fun...I didn't expect much. You're the best
10,Now I understand why people around me keep mentioning this movie
10,A movie that would have made a big deal if you took a car.
8,Watch the sound with full volume up!
10,It's better to see Ford Ferrari twice
10,What is it to say? Just look.
10,It was a hot movie that made my heart beat after a long time.
9,This is what a movie is like
10,It's really fun.
10,I strongly recommend the best movie ever
8,What a couple of people hmmmmmm...Who's the director as soon as it's over?The movie that made me look for it!!!Make sure you watch it!
10,You have to watch it at the theater. It's suffocating
10,It was a great movie. Such a good story. This is all real.
10,4DX Center C to D columns were correct
10,It was such a tense movie until the end! I recommend it!
10,I don't need any explanation or comments. I just feel this movie. I was thrilled and moved.
10,I can't imagine when our country can make a movie like this
10,It's the best movie with extreme immersion. It's the last movie of the year.
10,It's a great movie. Mt. Baekdu needs to learn this kind of directing
10,It's so much fun
10,I can't believe this is falling behind Mt. Baekdu.
10,2 hours and 30 minutes is an unbelievable movie!
9,It's a movie that makes you want to step on it like crazy and make you come home slowly because you might die in an accident.
10,A movie that makes me reflect on two men's passion for cars
10,The movie tells us that nothing is the right answer. I can't believe this movie was 2 hours and 32 minutes and my 2 hours and 32 minutes ran at 7000 RPM
10,It's so much fun. I'm going to watch it again
10,I don't know why there aren't many movie theaters.A sad masterpiece that I want to see
10,The car sound was good and the story was solid!
10,It's really fun. You have to watch a movie like this at a movie theaterMy heart is pounding. Time flies.truth
10,Best movie of the year. I can't believe that the number of theaters for such movies has already decreased.
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,Best movie since Joker!!!
10,It makes my hands sweat while watching the movieThe story was also touching based on a true story.The engine is still ringing in my ears I highly recommend it. You have to watch it in the theater. I think I'm very lucky to see it before I put down the screen.
8,Screen even if I want to go see it?It's all gone down to the monopoly
10,It was so touchingI was annoyed because I went early on the weekend.True story... It was sadder.It was a really touching movie of the year!!!Thank you so much for the good movie~~~
10,It was a thrilling movie that made my heart beat from the sound.
8,This kind of movie should be more popular.
10,It's the best movie to watch right now
10,It's not just a racing movie.
10,I was impressed by the scene where I stayed alone during the race and looked back.
9,I was so nervous that I thought I had a cold ^^
10,The suction power that makes you immersed even if you're not interested in cars and races
10,I thought I was mistaken for Christian Vale Think when I saw the last real person
10,It's so much fun.It was fun watching it alone and it was fun watching it with my friend again.Skip the Gukppong movie and watch this.
10,I think it's a good thing I went to see Christian Vale at the movie theater
10,Great actor and great director = great work
9,The actors' acting was great and I loved watching them
10,I watched it. The best movie of the year. No words needed.
10,It's a movie worth watching even if you don't like racing.
10,It's not time to pay the same amount of money to go see Mt. Baekdu and Frozen 2.  The best movie of the year that must be seen at the theater.
10,This year's movie is definitely a big hit. It's not a waste to pay more for a movie ticket
8,Movies that are hard to find these days! I enjoyed it
10,Excited like I'm running
10,I should have promoted this movie more than Frozen 2
10,Just watch it. I don't regret it.
10,Just trust me. Why don't you look? It's
10,I really enjoyed it The grandeur of the movie theater seemed to be in that situation
10,My heart was pounding at the long side of the raceThe sound of the engine was more immersive than any other OST. Can Miles's performance.One of the best movies of the year is disappointing because there are few movie screenings that I know why I have to watch it 5 times
10,A movie that makes me nervous without realizing it
10,I really enjoyed watching itI wonder why this good movie is not popular
10,7000rpm!!!
10,It was so cool.There were a lot of moving parts It was amazing.It would have been the biggest mistake of my life if I hadn't seen it on screen. Make sure to watch it!
10,A movie that I didn't expect but was great
10,I lost track of time because the production was excellent and the content was fun. Recommended for people who like lace and movies with scale!
10,It was a movie that made me want to drive right away!
10,The best... I didn't know time went by this fast. I didn't know time went by
10,It's fun!a theatrical recommendation
9,I liked the race scene^0^
10,Thank you for the recommendation. The direction is good
10,There is a reason why the rating is high. A masterpiece...
8,A movie where I enjoyed the speed without knowing the time went by
10,It's so much fun. I want to watch it again
10,I cried while watching it. It was so touching. It was so much fun and it lingered a lot^^ Happy Christmas Eve???
10,You don't have to say anything else. You're the best
10,Aren't you excited just to have Jason and Bruce on the show?
10,I want to watch a movie that made my heart beat and the video beautiful
10,It's always fun. I can't believe the car race was so exciting.
10,How come there's no theater?
10,It was so much fun!
9,Lucky to die doing what you like best in your favorite place!
10,It's a really good movie. It'
10,That's the best. I think I know why the rating is high.Two elementary school kids were touched.You'll have a lot to talk about with your husband for a while.I really recommend it.
9,This is an art film.
10,The sound of exhaust gas rang throughout the movie
10,It's so much fun
10,Please increase the number of theaters
10,A realistic racing scene...The sound of a car engine that makes your heart beat.It feels like I'm racing.The best movie for anyone who likes cars.
10,It's a movie that I watched after a long time
6,It's just good. Mise en-scene and acting are good
9,It's fun to watch it twice
10,a masterpiece of life
8,The engine is buzzing. BM is the best when it comes to cars.
10,This is not a racing story. It's a story of life.
10,The only thing I can say is that it's the best
10,You're really the best
8,It's fun
10,I can't believe the screen is reduced due to movies like Mt. Baekdu.What a shame. Why do you make a theater like this on Christmas Day? You have to show a great movie. Korean movie industry is rotten. Parasite...Make sure to watch it. It's the best
10,So much fun!
8,a surge of adrenaline and a burst of pure passion
10,It's so much fun that my hands are sweaty.
10,It didn't seem like 2 hours and 40 minutes
10,I watched it twiceI was touched by both of them both
10,It feels like this year's movie came out at the end of this year
10,It's really fun. You have to watch it before you die
10,A magical movie that turns the heart of the audience into a racecar engine that breaks through the limits.
10,It's fun. Time flies
10,It's so much fun. It's thrilling and you can watch it with your parents without any burden Not only the thrill but also the story was great!
10,It's not boring and it's so much fun!
8,Ford II is right. Pig is right too.
10,This is the first movie to cry after hearing the sound of a car engine. Really... I wish this movie would have been more successful.
10,It's fun... Movie of the year
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie
10,No way! The best movie of my life! I felt my blood boiling for the first time in a while
10,It's a masterpiece. I recommend it as a movie
10,A movie that you can enjoy even if you don't know much about racing
10,Best... no words needed.
10,My heart was pounding while watching a movie after a long time agoIt is not strange that this movie has more than 10 million viewers Too bad movie behind screen monopoly
10,It's an amazing movie Make sure to check it out at the Yeonghwagwan Office
8,The movie with dusty and oily smell was fun.
9,Wow... I was surprised by the shooting and the story. I got goosebumps all over my body.
9,It was fun. Go watch it
10,The movie that I enjoyed watching while feeling the speed. Everyone wants to go watch it because it's the release of Cats. Be as fun as Ford v Ferrari I saw 15 days ago
9,I could feel the essence of a car in this movie
10,There are no funny movie theaters because of trash movies. I should've seen you earlier.
9,I lost track of time
10,I was more surprised than looking for a real story after the movie. Christian Bale plays the main character's bent waist and turtle neck equally.
10,It was more fun than I expected. I lost track of time.
10,My hands are sweaty. I strongly recommend it
10,The scene where Ken and his son were talking on the runway was so beautiful
9,Lost track of time and fell in love with racing.
10,The acting of two actors and the directing scene of racing deserve the highest score already.I felt a palpitation after a long time from the sound of the car engine
8,I think it wasn't as good as I expected.I think I've seen the live-action version of the car animation.
10,I'm sure people who don't like cars will like this movie
10,2019 Joker Parasite Ford V Ferrari
10,Time flies... I just have to watch it.
8,I only see Ferrari throughout the movie
10,The hot and passionate race of men... It was only after the movie that I was relaxed. It was really impressive
9,Are you watching? Uhm Bokdong
10,It's one of the top 10 movies of my life.
10,I lost track of time.Make sure you watch it.
10,2 hours and 32 minutes at 7000 RPM...I saw a good masterpiece after a long time. :)
10,Why did you write such a masterpiece so quickly? Put down all the useless things
10,I think it's the best movie of my life.I see you happily at the end of the year.^^
10,A movie about passion and love for cars
10,I want to live a life where I am crazy about something. A movie that made me realize that engineers can become artists.
10,The movie that I watched without knowing the time was passing
10,This movie is not just a racing movie. It's about life
9,It's the best racing movie of the year.Ferrari is the best car
10,The Essence of a Great Buddy Movie. The ending might be a little disappointing depending on the person.
9,I enjoyed it
10,It's so much fun if you know a car. It's so much fun if you don't know
10,It was an impressive movie that lost track of time due to the good performance of the actors and the directing that solves various perspectives and conflicts that anyone could think about in their lives.
10,재I think it's fun I got goosebumps
10,This movie only has a million people? Best movie in recent years!
10,It's so much fun! Make sure to watch it!
10,It was a movie that didn't waste any time.I enjoyed watching the movie because the story is so good and the movie production is fun and the racing is fun.
10,I still want to ride a Ferrari
10,Best movie of the year
10,Mechanics beat businessmen. It is regrettable that the screen monopoly of domestic low-end films is only.
10,It's art. It's just the pinnacle. flawless
10,It's fun. My heart is still pounding!
10,I think it's a movie that got hit by Christian Vale
10,The lively race and the sound that makes your heart race! The hosting was the best without any boredom
6,I was really disappointed with the script because I had high expectations
10,It's so touchingThe movie time that lingers is gone
10,It's been a while since I dozed off and had fun.A movie that I watched until the end
8,Why People Don't Buy American Cars
10,A movie with a perfect score for a high-quality production of a racing scene.
10,This is what a movie is like. Not a useless pro-North Korea game
10,All right. My heart starts pounding
9,A movie that once again falls in love with Christian Bale
10,It was the best racing movie
8,The tension runs until the end of the movie
10,I must have lost track of time.
8,It was good to see the true face of the ensemble and the black comedy was more interesting than the action
10,The running time of 2 and a half hours flew by with high-quality production and action...The most impressive movie of the year...Make sure you watch it
10,The movie ends quickly. I think I watched a touching and interesting movie.
10,I didn't know it was boring. As expected! As expected! As expected
10,This movie is much lower than Mt. Baekdu.Make sure you watch it. Touching and fun
7,Start and end at 7000 rpm
10,Everything is perfect I strongly recommend it
8,Ford v. Ken Miles.I can't forget Miles and Ferrari's final greeting. The last sequence is overwhelming.
10,Everything was a perfectly moving movie. I think it's a relief that I saw it in the theater even though it's late.
10,I was so immersed in the movie. It was so much fun You're all good at acting. You're so into it that you can't get bored
10,You're the best! Make sure to watch it!
10,My heart was pounding
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,I think it's a very well-organized movie.Especially when I found out that Ford was interested in sports cars.
10,I was so sad that there weren't many best screens
10,What I felt when I started my Ferrari after watching the movie.The reality was cooler
10,Two great actors' performances as great acting
10,It was the best movie I wanted to take out my driver's license in the closet. Top
10,A movie about a person's pure passion for what they really like.
10,It's the best movie of 2019 Make sure you watch it
9,Perfect rap.
10,I recommend you to watch a crazy movie!
5,It's just average.
10,Best movie I've seen this year.  I could watch a movie nervous after a long time. A movie that'll be fun even if you watch it twice
10,The movie that I watched was not a movie.I'm suffering from the aftereffects Time flies
9,An actor you can trust~~~*
10,I don't need to say anything. I'm the best
10,Best movie ever. I lost track of time
10,No words needed! You'll know when you see it!
10,I felt like I was really watching a movie or I was actually there I was forced into it It was so good that it was included in the top 50 movies of my life. Thank you so much for making this movie. The actors who showed great acting were so coolThank you very much for the Ford Ferrari.
10,It's really fun since the middle I can't believe you expressed the racing in such a realistic way to go
10,Just look at it's... a masterpiece with fun and themes
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year.
10,This movie is really a perfect rap. What did a son become when he grew up?
10,Just look. She's into it. A movie without missing anything. I hate screen quotas. I want to watch a lot of movies like this. More than half of Korean movies are trash.
10,The time went by at 7000 rpm
10,There's just no need for words. Make sure you watch it
10,There's no time to be bored throughout the running time
10,It was a movie that I enjoyed for the first time in a while. Make sure you watch it. Watch it twice.
10,The best movie I've ever seen. Watching a movie is so interesting that I can't even blink Whether you like tea or not.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in theaters this year.
10,Best. No more explanation
10,Hello :) I was really surprised Hah!
10,There's a story and humor. I enjoyed it a lotIt's been a long time since I last saw a movie with money. ^^
10,Ferrari: (Nodding)
10,A movie that strengthened the philosophy of my life. 7000+ RPM GO LIKE HELL.
10,Really. There's no need for words. Look.
10,It's the best movie ever. Make sure to watch it
10,It's a neat and concise movie
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it!
10,Why can't we make this kind of movie in Korea? It was the best movie I've seen in the second half of this year
8,An hour and a half is a little boring and an hour is fun and touching
9,The racing scene is really cool
10,It's not anyone's fault. They just did their best in their respective positions.
10,It's a shame that the number of movies like this should go over 10 million and now it's 1 millionIt's a movie that's
10,A real car movie is this fun? It's really amazing. It's Chago. Youngho
10,The heaviest movie I've seen lately.The movie where I could feel the sound of my heart beating. It's cool
10,It's charming and I miss this passion!I recommend it!
10,It was so much fun! I wish there were more theaters. I'm angry that Baekdusan movie is monopolized and buried masterpieces
10,I didn't know that 2 hours and 30 minutes were too long and I was so immersed in the movie.
9,I watched it with my father. All I can say is that it's an amazing movie.
10,I didn't expect much. I was so nervous that my hands were sweating. It's one of the masterpieces. I strongly recommend it.
10,I can still hear the engine sound. Do I need to change the parts when I ride my morning ride after the movie? a broken feeling
9,It's crazy. This close-to-perfect movie is just buried.
10,The two actors are good at actingThe long running time wasn't boring ~
10,2 hours and 30 minutes went by so quickly!
10,the action of a car is very good
10,It'll be remembered as a masterpiece
10,I watched it well so that it wasn't boring for a long time. It's a good movie.
10,I'm only searching for the Ford Mustangs
10,I always wished that tragedy would not happen whenever I stepped hard.
10,Why don't I get a GPA? This is real
10,I'm going to turn on Gran Turismo when I get home. So funny
10,It's so much fun that it became my life movie?
2,I'm so sleepy. I'm not interested in you. I'm not bored
10,It's just a shame that there's no theater for a masterpiece
10,It's so exciting. I'm still excited
10,This is a movie. It is different from Korean movies that only cause forced laughter and tears.
9,You live like the wind and go away like the wind
10,Please increase the number of theatersA movie that many people should watch
10,The best movie. Haha. Nummo is fun
8,Why does Matt Damon speak Korean? Hello?
9,a movie that made two famous actors' chemistry stand out
10,It's fun. A movie that ends with three letters
10,I don't know why there's no such a masterpieces like this.Best in both acting and story. I lost track of time and watched it
9,A vibrant film about the desire and life of a sportsman who is free from heroism. This year's Academy Award for Best Cinematography and Best Editing has already been decided.
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed watching it
10,The heart-throbbing engine and the heart-throb Ken Miles' biography made me dream for 150 minutes
10,The movie that came out after watching it without thinking. It's the best!
10,It is a movie that makes my heart warm and lasts long.Thank you!
10,A movie that makes you think of many things. The images of various executives seen while working at the company were projected. Executives should watch some movies like this... It's a wonder this movie is disappearing from theaters so quickly.
10,A movie that makes you want to drive
10,It's so much fun! I lost track of time and enjoyed it!
9,I like this kind of movie because I like true story movies. Realistic racing game and speed. And the philosophical story of life. It's a loss if you don't watch a movie like this
10,Everything was perfectEspecially the sound
10,It was nice to see it before the screening was over. It's a shame that it's going to be more popular. Look at those who are worried
10,Just watch it. I don't talk about it at the movies
10,It's been a long time since the movie made my heart race
10,I just saw it and it's really the best.
10,It's more touching than I expected. It's a good movieI'm so glad I didn't see Mt. Baekdu
10,It's a masterpiece! I should watch it again.
10,It's a movie that fits perfectly when you say everything is perfect.This is the best movie of my life movie ever
10,It's been a while since I've had a hot movie
10,You'll regret it if you don't go to the cinema.
10,It's a well-made movie that makes you feel like you're racing in between
10,It was fun ^^
10,It's a very interesting and wonderful movie
9,Real cuteness
10,It's the best movie ever. The thrill is the best. The actors' acting is the best.
10,Let's make him No. 1 for Lealmot Ford
10,No fun. Don't watch Korean movies. Watch thisI almost clapped while watching the movie. It's okay if you're not interested in carsI think it's the first time this year that I watched a lot
9,A movie that makes you understand why you're crazy about engine roaring and speed
10,There's a reason why I got a high score.I almost died of suffocation the whole time I was racing.Becoming the movie of my life this year.
10,The tremors and lingering emotions of 7000 RPM
10,It's a sotori that people who work in modern society can relate to.
10,The story of two former astronauts making friendships on the ground
9,I feel like I saw a two-hour Ford ad.
10,LOL. Ford was so funny when he picked up his car It's been a while since I watched a fun movie
10,I'm glad I saw it. I don't need to say anything else
10,I lost track of time when I was so into acting crazy
10,Why am I crying?
10,There's no need for words. A movie that a man should watch
10,My heart is pounding the whole time I watch it
8,The acting is good and coolEnjoy your eyes
9,It's a movie that I recommend you to watch at the movie theater.I was so immersed that I lost track of time until the end credits went up.I strongly recommend it!
10,Will you live your life as a Ford employee or as a can?
8,a true story in a film Not heavy or light.
10,I really lost track of time and watched it. The main character was so cool and the best
10,I really lost track of time and watched it. The main character was so cool and the best
10,It's the best movie of 2019 Guys.
10,Be with the big screen sound...
10,I'm a teenage girl.
10,It's been a while since I watched this movie with sweat on my hands. The story was solid and the actors' acting was perfect.
10,Make sure to watch it. I didn't expect it and it was so much fun
9,I watched it holding my breath for a minute and a second. It wasn't a waste of a second. a true story of trust and treasure thrilling music
10,I think it would have been better if Ford continued to play in such high-performance games
10,Why are there so few theaters for such a big movie?It's a man's movie
10,A movie that you must watch in the theater
10,Hello? Am I the only one who heard it?
10,It was the best movie of the year!
10,The engine sound is the best and the video quality is great I was nervous for 2 hours and 39 minutes and enjoyed it
10,It's a shame that only 1 million people watched it at the theater
10,Watch it on Screen X.
10,My wife is so pretty
10,It's so immersive that the running time isn't that long I highly recommend it!
9,I lost track of time My heart keeps pounding
10,It's the most memorable movie I've seen recently
10,It's just fun.
10,What's wrong with the sound of the lines?
10,I lost track of time. I'm creating a solid story. Matt Damon Christian Bale...It's the best!
10,A movie that falls into a dynamic rpm sound
10,I had so much fun that I didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,Two and a half hours isn't boring at all
9,It's a lot of fun for people who are interested in cars or driving.
10,Bloody Hell
8,It was a movie where you can feel the speed
10,A film that showed the passion of Shelby Cobra. Feat Dinosaur Manufacturer Shoveling
10,The movie of my life since Sound of Music.
10,It's full of fun and excitement I lost track of time. I'm glad I watched this movie
10,It's not a waste to give more than 10 points
10,It was the best movie in the second half of the year
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that makes my heart race
10,It is a movie worth watching.
10,Top
10,This is a movie. Please include this movie except for Korean movie theaters
10,I envied this movie for its pure passion
10,The movie that I watched without knowing the time was one of the top 3 movies I watched this year
10,It's the best movie of all time. My heart fluttered when I watched a movie after a long time
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie
10,Watch this no matter what. Watch it two or three times if you're a vice minister. It's been a long time since I saw a proper racing movie
10,2019 Movie of the Year!
10,The best movie of 2019 that can't help but be immersed in the acting of two actors
10,A movie that didn't have a dull moment and didn't take my eyes off. I think this kind of movie should go over 10 million
10,It's a great movie
10,I was so immersed in it I think the visuals and directing are great
1,Was I the only one who didn't like it? The first story was too long and the only thing worth watching was the race. It's a movie that people who like racing cars would like. It's not fun for those who aren't interested. Everyone has a different perspective.
8,It is a society that seeks its own interests rather than a true enterprise
10,It's so much fun. Christian veil is so cool
10,It's touching. Crazy movie
10,This is a real movie. I lost track of time
10,It lingers a lot...
10,It's the best movie of the yearI don't understand that there aren't many theaters
10,It's just a masterpieceMake sure to watch it. Twice
1,It's just a three-hour Ford commercial. The part-timers are working hard
10,Make sure to watch this movie at the movie theater.Christian Bale Met Damon's Life
10,I dare say that this year's best movie... A movie full of heat and thrill. A movie that shows why Ford and Ferrari are manufacturers of different levels.
10,I couldn't help but write a review because I watched a fun movie after a long time. It's a pity that it's not promoted well compared to the quality of the movie.
10,Christian Veil's wildest acting top
10,The development is a bit...But... I liked it.
10,The best movie in the top three in 2019.Why are there so few theaters?That's too bad. People have to watch this kind of movie at the theater
10,It's the best. It's a shame that there wasn't much time because domestic movies were exclusive to the screen
10,the best movie that touches a man's heart
10,There are no comments here. I saw the movie after reading the comments. I enjoyed it
10,Like watching a sports racing gladiator.
10,It's just a crazy movie that explodes. A crazy movie that's so cool
10,My favorite movie!
9,It's not heavy or light...
10,It's my first time getting a rating. I want to contribute a good rating to this movie because it is that interesting.
9,Moon Jae In Look at the beautiful Mt. Baekdu Volva and Ford v Ferrari. It takes more than Mt. Baekdu.LOL
10,It's been a long time since I was so immersed in 150 minutes of running time that I was scared that the movie was about to end
8,It's worth watching except for the long running time
10,Why is there no such movie in Korea?
10,It was the most memorable movie of the year
4,Was it because he wasn't interested? I don't know if it's because the reviews were so good or not.The acting was really good...
10,Running time passes by like crazy. It feels like I'm actually in the stadium
10,It's my life movie. Really...
9,A movie that I watched without knowing it was going for a long time.
10,How can a movie like this be only a million?
10,The racing scene is so immersive
9,It is the best commercial movie I have seen in the last three years.  Thank you for the masterpiece and director of commercial films.
10,Le Mans 24 The Best Racing
10,The best movie...Too bad it's a true story
9,A solid story with the speed of the image! Recommend.
10,I'm having so much fun. Make sure you watch it
10,I followed my wife's hand and I enjoyed the movie more
10,Annie's cyber formula movie is Ford V Ferrari
10,A car movie with a different feeling from the gallop!!!!
10,It's really fun. Story acting video Everything is good well-made. It's strange that the number of theaters is small.
10,I didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes long. Good!
10,It's my first time writing a review. Look twice.
9,It's not a waste of money. I hope you're a motor sports fan.
10,I lost track of time. I saw two guys and it was worth watching
10,It's been a while since I watched it with sweat on my hands
10,My favorite movie
8,I was surprised but it was fun
10,It's the most interesting movie in recent years
10,It's fun. No words needed
10,It was touching and I really enjoyed it.I hope that the number of theaters will increase and many people will enjoy it.
10,The two actors are so good at actingIt's been a while since I watched a fun movie
10,It's crazy. It's "Great Eve"
10,It was assimilated with Christian Bale.What an attractive actor.
10,It's really the best. I enjoyed watching GFRIEND that I went with. It was thrilling and fun
10,Wow. A male movie. My heart is pounding.
10,Best Movie of the Year
10,A movie to watch in the theater.
1,All the people who wrote their GPA are part-timers
10,I felt their pain watching the race based on a true story. The pleasure brought by the violation of speed and the bitterness of money and the value of life in their race after their instinct for galloping came.
10,Make a movie like this...  Don't always sit on my seat
10,It is ridiculous that this kind of movie is the same price as the Korean movie that is currently being released.The other thing that doesn't make sense is that it's not showing much...I ate everything from the start and Mt. Baekdu.
10,The best movie I've seen recently
9,It was the best movie to watch recently
9,Makes me want to change the car manually.Please zoom in on RPM
10,I can smell the burning tires and the smell of oil!
9,Dynamic speed through the static screen
10,I just saw it in 4DX. I got a lot of waterI strongly recommend it
10,It's a shame that movies like this don't exceed 1 million in Korea
9,There's a saying that it's because of the gender role that men play with cars and women play with Barbie dolls in their childhood. The sound of the engine just makes me feel overwhelmed. Guys know
10,It's a really great movie.
10,The movie that I want to watch as soon as it comes out
10,It was a movie that made me want to live like that all the time.
9,Of course not. The main characters are so charming that Ferrari and crew suddenly look like villains
10,It was more realistic because it was full of thrills and the background of a true story
10,It's the best. I lost track of time. I thought it was an hour-long movie
9,Speed and moving angle... They're all great. It's a movie with a lesson. Make sure to watch it!
10,It's fun. It's fun
10,My hair stood on end just reading the plot.
9,The driving scene is very tense.The last drama worth watching.
10,It's fun. Don't watch "Frozen" but watch this.
10,The best movie of 2019. I lost track of time.
10,Two and a half hours is not a waste.It was really fun.
10,There is no need for words. It goes by at 7000 rpm in a second. There's no time to be bored
8,I've never seen such a immersive movie since Mad Max.
10,It's a movie worth watching...
10,The engine is loud. I like it
8,I enjoyed it. It was fun
10,I didn't expect much but it was really fun. It was so much fun and touching. It was a movie that lingered for a long time
10,It's perfect.That's...
10,a movie with a heart beat
10,I think I heard Korean...
10,Recommended for people who like tea
10,I applaud the production and editing of the obvious story for 2 hours and 30 minutes. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's a racing movie that came out well after a long time. 최고 You're the best
10,Definitely one of the best movies of the year
8,He was immersed in the role of 7000 RPM
10,The impressive cast's performance and amazing screenplay deserve to be trailed
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
8,There's jam. It's making my hands sweat
10,See you at 7000 RPM
10,Two and a half hours at 320 km/h.
9,I cried while watching it6.02 X 10^23 times more fun than "Gyeowang 2"
10,Stories and acting are impeccable.The mere sound resonates with me.
9,Praising and cursing American pongs
10,It is really the best movie.
10,I lost track of timeMake sure to watch it. I strongly recommend it
10,I really enjoyed the movie
10,Make sure you watch it
10,It's a very interesting movie
10,It was great. It's so immersive that 2 hours and 30 minutes of running time doesn't feel too long. It's like riding a roller coaster in a racing car. Christian Bale is love.
10,It's the best racing movie.
8,The production of racing is crazy.
10,I can't forget the excitement of the last race.
10,"You have to feel the pitiful one who's suffering.You need to know where the limit is."It's the best line that applies not only to races but also to life. I strongly recommend it^^
10,The most interesting and lesson-giving movie these days
10,How can the movie be translated without any holes? Trust Seokhee and watch it  Both men and women can't help but fall in love
10,I watched a movie that was perfect to watch in 4D with a lot of tension
9,I thought it was an action movie for killing time without knowing the title and the contents of the cast. It was the best movie
10,I love you as much as 7000!
10,My hands keep sweating even though I get nervous from the start of the movie. My hands keep slipping and my heart keeps beating. Juyeon's acting and action were all great! Please watch...
10,Hyundai and Kia are not as good as Ford.
10,It was a thrilling movie
10,It's so much fun that I leave a rating for the first time in a whileThe movie I want to watch again...
10,An unforgettable 7000 rpm
10,My heart was pounding all the time. The first movie to leave a review.
10,I really enjoyed it. I lost track of time.I'm jealous of a life that can be crazy about one thing
10,It was a good movie. Too bad the movie is not well known
10,May we reach around 7000 rpm.
9,152 minutes of running time... It's fun. I lost track of time.
10,My car has never exceeded 3000 rpm
10,My heart is beating. It isn't boring.
10,It's fun to get two birds with one stone
10,There is no need for words. How can a car be so pretty!
10,James Mangold is a real master. A car version of how the real man lives in a world dominated by bullies
10,Met Damon Christian Bale's acting chemistry is unprecedented.Christian Bale's awkward British accent is also worth seeing Bale severely lost weight to act as a driver!It shows a crazy person in a field
10,I lost track of time and watched the movie
10,I enjoyed watching it
10,The story is strong and the acting is good compared to the long time
10,Really... More movie theaters.Can't we get more than 10 million hearts?
10,Why did you come down from the theater in 15 days? The movie... The distribution of movies. It's like playing politics
10,You'll know if you go and see.
10,It was a legendary racing movie
10,Why don't you see this?I thought it was a racing movie. I almost missed it
8,Ken Miles' oily face shows a firmness.
10,143qwtwer1234123512335
10,the passing of time flies. The racing game makes my hands sweat and the actors' performances are just crazy.
10,This is amazing. This is what movies are like
10,Your passionate acting for your favorite job was amazing!
10,What movie do you want to watch?
10,It's really fun. It's this year's movie
10,I enjoyed watching it at the movie theater to the point where I was thankful
10,I enjoyed watching it for 2 hours and a half
8,My ears are still ringing because of the explosive background music and engine noise
10,It's my first time writing a movie review.  Christian Bale's acting is the best
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it I don't regret it
10,The actors seemed to have good acting skills.
9,I really lost track of time
10,That was awesome!
10,I didn't even know it was 2 hours and 30 minutesIt's really fun... Wow... I miss you again
9,The two men's play-and-play is as tense as the cars vying for first and second place
10,The movie of my life that was fun from beginning to end!
8,I lost track of time and enjoyed it
10,It was the best movie of the year. The acting of the best actors and the sound of the engine of a nice car stimulate the man's racing instinct.
10,Perfect. All the real characters are alive.
10,The movie that only the vice president or vice president picked as the best actors is a bad movie
10,This is the best car movie of my life. I still can't believe this touching story is a true story. I think the OST that comes out at the end is really touching
10,The vice president's flattery has changed history. The talent above is important
10,It's a shame that many people couldn't pay attention because of the Frozen.
10,I thought you were talking about Ford at the beginning of the movie. I was disappointed because it was a racing movie. But I didn't even know how 2 hours and 42 minutes went. I think movies should be like this.
10,It was the first movie that made my heart pound
10,You are not Henry Ford. Henry Ford the Second.
10,I think I can still hear the engine. a heart-warming movie
10,It's really fun. The car is really cool. I highly recommend it if you like it
10,It's the best. I want to see the touching and thrilling acting story again
10,I really enjoyed it~~
1,I slept while watching it
10,Masterpiece. Christian Bale's acting skills are amazing. Time flies.
10,That was cool! A movie that only makes political movies that you can't even imitate or think of in the Korean film industry
10,A pride battle between the best actors and the best carmakers! A man's heart-throbbing exhaust! It's the best movie ever.
8,It's better because it's a true story.
2,I was so bored that I came out in the middle of my sleep
10,I liked the tense development. It was a lot of fun.
9,It's so realistic and touching
10,Junna is just running It's fun
10,an attractive movie about racing cars
10,I lost track of time while watching the movie.The best movie I've seen this year!!!
10,I just admire Christian Bale's acting.
9,A film made up of pure physicality without false pretenses.
10,I should be nice to my boyfriend who showed me his life movie! I came out determinedly
8,A high-quality story and catharsis like a sports movie
10,I think it properly showed the thrill of sports cars.
10,The movie that I want to drive in a car is cool
10,It was a time thief It was so good. I think I watched a good movie after a long time It felt dirty to walk all the way down with a flattering top
8,Don't look forward to it. It's worth watching
10,I was so nervous that I didn't know how the running time went by
10,Vroom vroom. It's the best It's really...
10,I was bored at first It's so much fun
10,Engine sound that stimulates a man's heart and 7000 rpm range
10,I'm a man in his early 30s and I keep getting goosebumps watching it. It was the best movie I've seen recently. 7000rpm!!!
10,I just followed my husband to see it and came out with a touching moment.I highly recommend it
8,Christian Bale's acting is always great!!
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,a never-so-boring performance of a screenplay It's worth showing. I hope it lasts longercrying
10,I want to try that gum...
10,Best racing movie ever. Acting is also a harpoon. Christian Bale looked like Batman in the middle
8,I'm curious what Ferrari and his fans would think when they see this movie
10,I am happy. I am happy. I cried because I remembered that scene two days after watching the movie.
10,It's so much fun. I watched it with my younger sibling and I was totally immersed
10,The fast video and story are touching.
10,It's a perfect score. This movie is really a perfect score.
9,It's the best car and racer movie
10,There's no need for wordsGo and see. It's not a waste of money
10,A perfect movie without missing anything. The veil scene acting is crazy
10,I was so nervous that I just had to go to the bathroom.  It's fun
10,I watched it late at night and raised the highway right away.Take at least three underwearI'm thrilled all over.
10,It is a great work in which life is melted as it is.
10,7000+ RPM is touching
10,Everything is a perfect success story
10,The directing is the best and touching!
10,It's the best movie in recent years
1,Is it a documentary? It's terribly boring.
10,I watched a heart-throbbing movie for the first time in a while
10,Crazy Race Crazy Movie Crazy Hollywood
10,It's like 7000 RPM
10,Please let everyone watch it.
10,the best movie
10,I loved both sound videos
10,It was so much fun and touching
10,The best movie of 2019 by my standards
10,You can just watch it without knowing the time is passing. It's super fun. It's so touching and fun
10,I'm sure it's one of the top movies I've seen this year
10,At 7000 RPM.
10,Have you ever run madly toward your dream?
10,This is the movie!!!
10,It's a well-made movie It was really fun.
10,Christian Bale Met Damon. What's the point of talking? This is the movie. RPM 7000 The sound that will make your heart explode!
10,I dozed off after watching Frozen 2.I thought I was weird.My heart beat when I saw Ford v Perry.I was normal.
8,It's a movie that really touches your heart where you can feel your passion for cars and racing
10,A really good action movie.
10,Wow... My heart was beating all the time I watched it.I didn't expect much but it was really fun.Make sure you drink beer.
10,You have to watch "Totally Jam" no matter what Full of thrills
10,It's so fun. Make sure to watch it. LOL
9,It feels like I'm being sucked in even though I'm not interested in cars
9,I didn't feel the long running time.
8,It will be a heart-throbbing movie for car enthusiasts. The two main actors' wonderful acting and harmony with the car
10,150 minutes passed like 100 minutes.
9,Good. Matt Damon and Christian Bale
10,So cool... Both of them...
10,Wow... I'm so touched.You must watch it afterwards Strongly recommend
10,A man's movie! I enjoyed it.My hands are sweaty in the racing scene.
10,a film increasingly assimilated into their passionI couldn't breathe.
10,Both sides of me are praying hands and spring (including me)
10,The racing movie "Literity" is different.
10,A racing movie that a girl can feel a lot of things
8,The exhaust of the car sounded like his crying
10,I saw you in a current story.The immersion level was overwhelming among the movies I've seen. It's been exciting for two and a half hours.
10,a movie with a speed of 300 kilometers per hour
10,Please watch it at the theaterIt's really fun
9,Christian Bale's performance stands out
10,A must-see movie if you like cars in 2019!A must-see movie even if you don't like cars in 2019!
9,The fear of death is buried in the engine sound at 7000 RPM
10,It's the best movie I've seen this yearIt's so much fun
10,It's below zero! Fun.
10,A movie I want to watch again. I've been hearing the engine since I got home
10,I watched it in memory of Can Miles.
10,I'm satisfied with both the action and the story
10,It's a movie that's not a waste of money. I want to pay more
10,The best movie ever!As expected of Met Damon and Christian Bale!
9,2 hours and 30 minutes passed at 7000 RPM
10,It was perfect.
10,Sweat in your hands... not boring for a minute for two and a half hours. I really want to applaud Christian Vale's weight loss and acting. I really enjoyed it.
10,It's been a long time no see
10,It's a movie that makes even people who like Ferrari cheer for the Ford team for two and a half hours
9,I want to run thrillingly
10,I was so immersed in the best.
10,I really lost track of time. I love your acting!
9,It was so much fun that the racing scenes didn't let go of the tension
10,2 hours and 40 minutes went by so fast. I was so immersed in it
9,James Mangold is always above average. Recommendation!
10,It's been a while since I went to a movie theater with no regrets
8,I like the realistic look
10,This year's movies seem to be best in "Parasite" and "Ford v Ferrari."
10,My heart beats when I race. a trick
10,A masterpiece movie that even people who don't know much about cars can enjoy
10,It was embarrassing that the price of tickets was the same as that of Korean movies.
10,It's really a masterpiece
9,The crazy acting skills of the previous Batman movie... I highly recommend it if you enjoy racing and speed.I'm surprised this is a true story.
10,All I can say is that it was the best.
10,Just no need for words. You have to see it
10,I don't like action movies but it's so much fun
10,It was so much fun and I loved the action scenes. I lost track of time
10,Touching and coolness to the earth~~~~
10,Why is 10 the highest score?It's the best since Mad Max!
10,His acting is amazing. Especially Christian Bale.
8,I recommend 4DX.It's like a human drama
10,It's the first time I almost cried watching a car movie.
10,When two men who worked for their country jumped in with enthusiasm for what they liked...
10,It was so much fun. Actors are the best too!
10,That's the sound Watch it at the movie theater. Don't watch Toraeng at home
10,The best. The best. Ken and Shelby's eyes hit me
10,Make sure to watch it at the movie theaterIt's my favorite movie
8,The running time is long. Good acting. How did you film the scene of the lace accident? Amazing
9,I get goosebumps when I run.
10,Nice and touching movie!!!!
10,It's a masterpiece that I remember
10,I enjoyed watching it without knowing the time went by due to excellent directing skills. A great movie that conveys to the audience the feeling of tears that Ford shed in a sports car
10,Can't miss the tension during the race
10,This is the movie. This is the movie.
10,I chose the best movie of 2019
9,2 hours and 32 minutes of perfect 1 LAP!
10,It's just the best! I hope to see more of you!
8,It's beating the expected story at 7 rpm!
10,It's fun. I want to watch it again
10,It's crazy. It's really crazy. Wow.
10,It was a thrilling pleasure after a long time!
10,A good movie without a word. a heart-warming movie
10,I can't believe that you can make it come out so well with a movie that makes your heart race
9,It's so much fun. I'm not interested in cars and don't know much about them
8,ENGENE's sound!
10,There is no need for words. Top.
10,It's a sound that makes your heart race!
10,Just shut up and watch. There is no need for words.
9,The action in the first half is so impressive. When do they get old?
10,It's an amazing car action movie
10,Really. Calm down. Shouldn't we increase the number of good movie theaters? We're already out of the Special Hall. Stupid CEOs...
10,I really really really enjoyed it Please watch it
10,What is Ferrari doing in F1?
10,Look at the comparison with the kimchi movie.
10,Shelby and Miles at Ford is a great movie.
10,Wow! The speed with which my hands are sweating. It even feels like I'm riding.
10,Christian Bale acting crazy.
8,I think it's right to say that you're being sucked into the screen
10,It was the first movie that really made my hands sweat.
10,It's my first time to leave a review after watching a movie.
10,It's a movie that you won't get sick of even if you watch it 10 times
9,That's the best movie I've seen this year The combination of the two actors was great and the directing was real I'm surprised that it's a true story
10,The movie that I watched without knowing the time was passing
10,Men who love cars and speed.A company that loves cars and a company that sees money.
10,There's no need for wordsA thrilling car movie that came out after a long time! Are you watching the gallop?!!
10,a movie of one's life
9,Daytona night racing scene is really nice It really touched me that people in those days were feeling that kind of atmosphere
8,It's a typical American movie with no sensibility.
10,It just touches my heart. I've never done this before
10,That's awesome! Best of the best movie I've seen this year! My hands were sweating
10,Thank you for letting me watch a good movie at the end of the year
10,Make sure to watch my favorite movie at the theater
10,The thrill of racing is unforgettable
10,The sound of the engine excites me
10,It's been a while since I went to a cinema
10,I almost cried. It was fun. It was good. I want to buy the new K5 right away.
10,The best movie of 2019... Tears... There's nothing missing
10,I can't believe I saw them in one piece.Vice President OOO
10,I heard the sound of the 8th cylinder next year.
8,It's fun! It'll be more fun if you watch it in 4D!
10,The best movie I've seen this year... Perfect friend perfect wife perfect child perfect teamwork. an overdose of wise sayings I lost track of time
10,I lost track of time
10,I realized that the title wasn't just about car manufacturers
8,Stick is the best when it comes to cars
10,This is the real movie.
10,God-deking-li...LOL
10,The action was really good and it was a satisfying piece.Recommend.
10,F1 driver experience for two and a half hours. Hello!
8,a trick comparable to Logan James Mangold's next film is on the list. And the veil.
9,Fantastic chemistry and perfect racing scene between the two actors
10,It's like I'm driving a stick. It's a movie that awakens my emotions when I was young. a deludedly vivid film
8,Car-chaining is really disgusting
10,I can't believe this kind of movie didn't even hit a million yet.
10,It's one of the top five movies of the year.
10,I can't believe that this movie is really the same price as other movies. I was possessed and took 160 steps on my way home. Be careful.
10,A masterpiece. A movie that won't be a waste to watch two or three times
10,The best car movie I've ever seen! It explains how to understand the car.
10,The speed of life that touches even the people who don't know cars.
9,It's been a while since I felt hot. A really interesting movie.
8,A movie that combines the excitement of speed with the trust of the two male characters
10,It was a movie that focused on passion and action for pure cars. I think it's the first time that I've watched a movie with a full-time concentration of 150 minutes.Ford v Ferrari
10,I really lost track of time~~You're awesome. You're the best
8,1966 in the history of U.S. European automobiles
10,This is a movie. The word comes to my mindThe chemistry between the two actors was great
10,I lost track of time. Watch Spring twice My wrist sword
10,I didn't expect much. It was more fun than I expected
10,I lost track of time. I think it's a masterpiece that you must see in the theater.
10,It's fun to watch it at the theater
10,It was the most touching!
7,Why did you have to kill the protagonist?
10,A movie recommendation that makes your heart warm even though you don't give a rating!
10,I can only express that I was ecstatic.I think I know a little bit about what adrenaline feels like.
10,It's fun ^^ lol It's worth watching if you just go watch it lightly
10,It's fun. Christian veil bb
10,He who knows what he wants to do is lucky.
10,Why isn't it just Ken Miles?
9,Best movie of the year in 2019
10,It's crazy...It really feels like I watched a movie.It's been a really long time
10,I really lost track of time and watched it
10,Car and engine sound! A movie full of excitement!
10,I'm going to watch it one more time
10,The story of pure people chasing dreams A movie where the sound of rough engine fluctuates with passion and emotion
8,Please increase the number of theaters
10,I lost track of time and watched it Good
10,The story of people who go crazy if they don't do what they have to do
10,I cried my eyes out throughout the movie
9,The production is no joke
10,It's the best that makes my heart race!
10,Please show us a lot...
10,Two-and-a-half-hour car enthusiasts have come to understand
10,2 hours and 40 minutes. 10 letters
10,The best movie I've seen this year!
10,It's so much fun! Mad Max action. It's a waste of time every minute by second
10,I'm so touched.  Matt Damon and Christian Vale's performance is really experienced.
10,Thrill is the best! I lost track of time and watched it!
9,I watched it after getting my driver's license. It was a movie that made me want to drive
10,It's the best
8,It's a movie that leaves me feeling like I'm driving myself.
10,I can't believe this movie isn't even a million yet. Is it a lack of publicity or a bad preview?Christian Bale's acting is crazy
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed it
10,Daytona Racing Before Le Mans is the highlight of this movie
10,It's so exciting I'm so touched
10,It was the best movie ever It's good
10,It was more fun than I expected.
10,I watched the movie without letting go of the tension to the point where my hands were sweating
10,This is the movie It's one of the top three releases of this year.
9,For two and a half hours we were in Le Mans and watched the race of two men.
10,Park Pyeongsik scored 7 points. No more explanation needed
10,The actors' chemistry and the story of the main characters are all well-released I thought the movie was an hour long
10,40 minutes between 2 companies feels like an hour
10,The best movie of 2019
10,A movie that I enjoyed watching in a long time
8,I didn't know there would be such a heavy twist I was so angry and cried in the theater  What do I live for? Respect and respect for Christian Bale and the late Ken
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year! The actors' acting skills were the best and the immersion was no joke. It was a movie that everyone in the theater watched with bated breath and lamented
9,Christian Vale and Matt Damon's acting and realistic racing scenes were also the best
10,I'm sorry that I suspected you as part-timers because your GPA was so good. It's really fun. It's fun even if you don't know a single car.
10,A movie that shows wide and accurate even though it passes at 340km/h for 3 minutes and 30 seconds
10,I could feel how much effort he put into the soundThere's nothing missing
10,I'm satisfied with the movie that makes my heart beat so fast
10,There is no need for words.
10,It's okay. Look Please
10,Why is a movie like this coming out now! presence
10,Any more movies you want to show me when he's born?
9,I don't know how time flies. I've never been curious about the time while watching a movie. A movie that a man would definitely like
10,It was cool. It was so much fun. I'm glad I watched it in the theater.
10,Why is Ken's Happy song so long? We saw the life of a man who really came close to happiness
10,I had a lot of fun.~~~
10,The best movie I happened to see when I was frustrated
10,Two and a half hours is not boring at all
10,It's fun. It's really fun Make sure to watch it. It's a story that makes your hands sweat
10,I was surprised that this movie had a running time of 2 hours and 30 minutes. A movie full of thrill and excitement.
9,It's a movie that has both fun and touching moments People who put all their energy into what they do well and love remain in their hearts I recommend it ♡
9,I hope it's more popular! The tension is the best! It's a neat movie
10,It's so much fun I'm so proud of myself for watching this
10,It's a movie that praises Ferrari and reveals Ford
10,It was the best movie in a long time!
10,Nice. Selby's autobiographical film
10,It's the best movie in my lifeYou'll regret it if you don't watch it.
10,I'll give you a rating for the first time.
10,The most immersive movie I've seen recently
10,I shouldn't have gone up to vice president for no reason.
10,I'm lucky to pay the same amount of money to watch a movie like this
10,I watched it without much expectation. I was immersed in it from beginning to end. "Can" was so cool
10,I went to see a racing movie and watched a movie of my life movie.
10,Ford was so uncivilized
10,It's my favorite movie. I recommend you to watch it at the movie theater
10,It's sad to see your rival disappear
8,A movie that pays off with a racing scene covered with a loud engine sound
10,I watched it with sweat in my handsIt was so much funHaha
10,I fell asleep after watching "Frozen" for 210 minutes. Time flies so fast
10,It was so interesting^^ It's a movie that men will like!LOL I really lost track of time
10,The title of "Running in the Furious" is...
5,It wasn't fun. It was such a boring movie.
10,Cool. I want to devote myself to something like Can Miles
10,It's so much fun! It's making your hands sweat! Poor Ford --
10,The movie of my life.
10,Time flies so fast
10,152 minutes wasn't boring The fun of not understanding the cumulative number of viewers...I think it's because of the exclusive use of Frozen
9,It was a lot of fun.The camera technique of catching the main character behind the stadium track was also good.I felt like I was in the stadium with the main character.It's like an indirect experience of what you feel in a car race.
10,It's a really good movie. It's one of the best tricks!
8,The title is wrong. Ford v. Racer
10,It's a realistic film that depicts the competition between Ford and Ferrari in the 1960s in racing. The actors' performances were also good.
10,The biggest scapegoat of Monopoly 2 with Knives Out.
10,Recommendation for the CEO of our company... A piece that's worth buying...Too many cooks spoil the broth!
10,What's the point of saying...Look at the cat. Let's see. cool
10,Top 2 movies this year with Parasite
10,A woman in her 30s who doesn't know much about cars
10,A sincere movie depicting the achievement of an individual who works hard + a gift with a sense of urgency
10,It's just so much fun. I think it's the first time I've seen a movie that is not boring even for a long time.
4,It's better than the beginning and the middle. Really;;
10,The movie that broke my heart because it was a true story
10,It's so much fun.
4,I was sleepy until the middle of the year All three of us are sleepy;;
10,I really lost track of time. I really tore it up
10,This is just the best. It's awesome
10,It's the best... I wish there were fewer Frozen theaters and more.
10,The running time passed like GT40
9,A movie that you must watch at the theater
10,This is a must-see movie! Recommendation!
10,The tension and sound that cannot be missed made me forget the running time.
9,It describes the friendship between the two men who deeply embrace Ford's challenge. Being a real person has doubled the excitement.I'm sure it's a good alternative to Frozen 2.
10,Ford hates this movie.LOL
10,It was so much fun. But I cried
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year
4,Why am I the only one dozing off? I'm so bored I almost died
10,Best movie of the year!!!
10,It's really fun. Chrissy's acting is the best!
10,What is it? It's really fun. I want to watch it again
10,Time flew so fast. It's the best
10,The best movie I've seen recently!It's good that all the actors have good chemistry and acting skills.It's not boring to the point where I don't go to the bathroom during the running time of more than 2 hours
10,It was so much fun. I finally found my favorite movie Haha
10,Vale scene that you can trust and watch
10,Grapes with delicious seeds.
8,You're Ford II
10,I was so moved that I almost cried. It's a perfect movie without a flaw. It was hard because my heart was beating the whole time
10,Two-and-a-half hours of admiration for Matt Damon & Christian Vale's performance and excitement at the cool car racing. ^^
10,I strongly recommend movies that I watched without knowing the time
8,It's a movie full of suspense.  I enjoyed it.
10,It was a movie that didn't waste time.
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.I'm writing a review because I can't get rid of my lingering feelings even after coming home.
10,Two and a half hours was not boring!!!I'm nervous that the engine will burn. I enjoyed watching it so much!
10,Perfect storytelling and acting!
9,The friendship and passion of the two men were as hot as the overheated engine
10,It's so much fun. I didn't know how time went by. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's my first time getting a GPAI want to keep this and watch it 10 times moreI hope the number of theaters will increase and many people will watch it
10,This year is the best movie ever
10,150 minutes passed in a flash without knowing it was boring
8,The ink is the same everywhere.
10,It was the first movie in my life that gave me strength to my right foot. It was the movie that made me think that we could all run at 7000 rpm
10,I really enjoyed it Strongly recommend
10,I'm sure there's no loser who doesn't care about cars
10,It's the best... It's not a waste even if you pay more
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's a movie that even people who are not interested in cars become interested in this movie. I strongly recommend it!
9,I saw the behind-the-scenes story of the Ferrari Ford story I knew.I thought Ford was amazing.You can't tell by just listening to one side
1,I lost track of time.
10,I'm touched. It's such a big lingering impression. Christian Vale is so good at acting. It's a movie that should win first place at the box office
9,Best movie I've seen this year!
10,Time flies so fast! A really fun movie!
10,It was so interesting. I'm interested in cars and I like this genre. I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It's so much fun!  Story good
4,Boredom and sweet potatoes. I agree with the people who went to see them
9,A must-see movie if you're a fan of Cha
10,Don't worry about it and watch it no matter what. Godvale
10,I feel through two friends how much energy is released when I do what I like. I'm happyThere are a lot of people like Leovib in our society.
10,The sound that you must feel at the movie theater!I want to hear it again
10,Met Damon's chewing gum is so cool
10,It's the best trip of the year
9,Even people who don't know much about cars can enjoy the movie with the passionate racing scene and the good performance of the main characters
9,Why are you saying hello?
10,It's so absorbing that I don't know how time flies. Watch out for driving after watching the movie
10,It made me feel like I was in the car. Make sure to watch the movie that made me laugh and crySee you twice!
10,Two actors and great acting...Two hours flew by!
10,Hurry up and go to the movie theater when you hesitate.It's a piece that can be accepted even if it's over 10 million
10,It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's so much fun
10,I'm listening to the OST There are too few theaters! Don't you want to stretch?
10,I think it's one of the few movies that adults can enjoy and show off their directing and acting skills
2,I don't understand why it's over 9 points...
10,I thought the title would be fun
10,Why did I cry so much every time I put up 7000 rpm? Why is Christian Vale so cool?Every line is a wise saying.
10,I watched it early in the morning and it was so much fun
10,I could feel many things while watching a movie.Ferrari and Ford really think differently about cars.
10,You expressed the exhaust sound that touched my heart. I want to buy a Porsche
10,Both action and emotion are very satisfactory. This year's number one movie! Make sure to watch it
10,Make sure to watch it. You don't The acting story is making me nervous
10,It's fun. I want to watch it again
10,A movie that makes 152 minutes feel like 15 minutes. I strongly recommend it. (I just watched a movie and left a comment.)
10,The best movie of 2019. Fantasy!
10,A movie I want to see again. The most interesting movie in recent years.
10,Christian Bale looks like a real racer. Ford and Ferrari? I watched it without any expectation because I thought it would be a typical American corporate celebration of my country. Making a completely authentic story into a movie. Christian Bale's acting was amazing. I think I should watch the movie again in 4DX.A movie that's 100% willing to watch at the theater again!
10,Wow... How can such a good movie be buried because there are no movie theaters? It's really exciting and touching and love.I loved the action of the car with all the friendship
10,The sound was so rich that I lost track of time Ford CEO has a lot to say
10,I almost criedLOL
10,It was the best movie of the year.
10,Time went by so fast because it was so fun. It's a masterpiece this year.
10,It was so much fun It was so much fun even if I didn't know the car I think my husband will like it more
10,Thrill is the best. Ford is the image of OOO. It's not the car I don't want it.
10,It's my first time hearing the car sound and feeling the shudder
10,I lost track of time  It's fun.
10,I want to see another good movie
10,This is the movie! Ford almost burned me to death
10,Christian Bale's acting is really crazy. I was so immersed!
10,My heart is beating.It's the first time I've ever felt a thrill in a car
10,Wow... This movie is really... There was no time to be bored
10,The story is fun and it's easy to focus on
10,Make sure you watch it at the theater
10,It's so much fun. Perfect It's too bad at the end 왜Why did I die?
10,Take out all the Jumanji Frozen screens and put Ford in.
10,It's so much fun. A movie that comes to mind on the way out
10,You'll find out why it's popular by word of mouth
10,Be careful driving after watching.. Well-made
10,I should sell Ferrari
10,The best movie of my life
10,Must-see in the theater. Experience the engine world of RPM 7000. Encouraging life with dreams. The Ford Bureaucracy.
10,It was a two-and-a-half-hour movie!I found out from the comments that the acting in the movie was all good and I felt a lot of passion for one field
10,I've always had a hard time to time
10,A person who is immersed in anything is beautiful. And what he made is touching. When will Hyun-gi impress people?
10,I dare say that 2019 is the best.
10,Bale-hyung's time flies Make sure you watch it
8,Bibi OOO should be hit
10,It's a pity that this great movie is less than a million
10,Full of content and thrills! Just being able to see the two great actors in one space is touching ^^
9,I recommend movies that have good balance
10,It was all the more fun because everyone did well and liked cars without any acting holes. Christian Vale is the best! I miss you again!
10,I didn't feel bored for 2 hours and 30 minutesIt's also fun to hold your breath while racing!
10,It's going to be a movie of many people's lives
8,It's interesting to see Matt Damon's heavy middle-aged performance and Batman Christian Bale's conviction driver's performance. The confrontation between capitalists and believers and the content of his own self-control and restraint are impressive
10,I slept and it's funny
9,I almost did it with the CEO
10,It showed the generation with intense aspiration and the older generation who tried to lead change in their own way.
8,What a vicious Ford company!
10,I was so excited that I was watching "Don't know nothing about cars! Best Movie of the Year
10,Make sure to watch it in the theater before you go down!
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year. That long time flew by
9,A wonderful life for those who left after achieving their own show against the unjust power of their superiors.
10,Fun! Best movie of the year
10,I really enjoyed it It's an audience.
10,Just watch it. It's so much fun
10,Ford was then and now focused on production
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen this movie?
10,Two and a half hours went by so quickly. I really enjoyed it
8,It's a good movie to refer to NAVER's ratingI think it'll be more fun if you have prior knowledge of Le Mans^-^
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I'm so thankful that I can see such a good movie at the end of the year
10,I was wiping my sweat on my hands.
10,The car can speak of the action itself
10,I dare say it's the best movie of the year.
10,I'll remember 7000 rpm.
1,It's so boring. Don't fall asleep a waste of money
10,Best movie I've seen this year. I've never seen such a cool racing scene
10,I can't believe this movie didn't win first place. That's more amazing
9,Is this really a true story?
10,A movie that a man should watch
10,I remember car-crazy cargans rushing together with one goal and vision of winning the competition. It's so different from the corporate culture in Korea.
10,an unmissable trick
10,I lost track of time I don't miss any comic action story It's a movie that makes your hands sweat I strongly recommend it Make sure to watch it. I'm writing it because I just saw it
10,It's so much fun Look twice! Look three times!
10,You can't do it because you're like this. The movie is fun. Ken's sad
10,A thrilling race! a suspenseful narrative A fine dinner with humanism and romance in between. It's a work that's hard to blame for its long running time.
8,A solid story. It is more interesting than Korean movies
10,The story was so solid that I loved the actors' acting that I lost track of time without getting bored and lost track of time.
10,I enjoy watching it more than Avengers
10,A movie that left a lot of lingering emotions.RIP Ken Miles
10,The most interesting movie I've seen this year
10,I love you 7000 RPM
8,Hello
10,I love the scene where Jason Bourne and Batman fight like Boy Scouts. It's heartbreaking at the end
10,I love the scene where Jason Bourne and Batman fight like Boy Scouts. It's heartbreaking at the end
10,Great movie! Speed and friendship.
9,Drama and entertainment have found a perfect balance. I'm glad that I saw a movie that doesn't miss the tension and interesting elements without sudden development after a long time.
10,People who like cars must see it
9,Have you ever been a racer?
10,The movie that I watched while my heart was pounding for several tens of minutes
9,Time was faster than Ford and Ferrari
10,Beginners sometimes don't know how to do it
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie that makes my hands sweat
10,7000 RPM Fun
8,I almost bought a car. Phew
10,This is a movie... Let's bow in the direction of Hollywood
10,7000 RPM Heartbeat Movie
10,It's really fun. It felt like watching Interstellar while watching car racing
8,The acting and racing scenes of the two actors were fun
10,The sound of an engine that makes your heart race!
9,It's been a while since I watched a really fun movie I strongly recommend it!
10,I lost track of time and my immersion is the best. Make sure to watch it!
10,a man's life in real life
10,The sound of the engine made me sick
10,I really lost track of time. I understand a little bit why Europeans are crazy about f1
10,My 7000 RPM makes me think about something I lost track of time It's a movie that leaves a deep impression.
10,All I can say is that you're the best.It's just the movie of my life movie!
10,It's a movie that I've been listening to. It can be sad.
10,That's awesome... The best masterpiece!!! Two and a half hours feels so short.
10,The story and acting are in good harmony.
9,I was dragged by my husband and I held my crying husband's hand.
10,I think it's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,There's a thrill of being in a real racing stadium.
10,I recommend a great movie
9,I want to drive
10,It was a thrilling and fun movie
10,"Interstellar" and "The Dark Knight" became one of my favorite movies
10,It was the most interesting movie I'
8,The first hour and a half is boring.
10,a two-and-a-half-hour film
8,Is Christian Bale the most handsome actor I've known? He's acting so shamelessly.The movie marked a milestone in the bed ending because it was so flattering after the race.But doesn't Ford have a marketing team? It's very generous of you to have this movie screened.
10,It's worse than funah ah
10,I'm sure it's not worth the money in a recent movie
10,Run! The sound of the engine lingers. Good
10,I'm adding a movie of my life today.Thrilling and touching throughout the movie.It's about life.
10,It's just so much fun. The long running time isn't boring at all
4,It's kind of boring for me. Fun is kind of
10,I just saw it with my wife and time really flies It's fun.
10,A movie that makes you feel like you're going to become a mythomaniac
10,I think it has an American vibe to it. I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It's dangerous to drive right after watching this
10,I really enjoyed it. The two leading actors were great and the story was great
10,The movie that makes my heart race. Very satisfied
10,It's a movie that reminds us of men's dream of manual gear. The next vehicle is manual.
10,2 hours and 30 minutes... The tension and immersion are no joke
10,It was so fast and fun
10,It's so tense that my heart is about to pop out of my mouth and the story is solid
10,It was a good movie that I saw this year.
10,A famous line from the movie. "Too many cooks spoil the broth"
8,It's very fun~~
10,It's amazing. It's fun. lol
8,The two actors who looked forward to it so much
10,The reason why Ferrari stays in my memory for a long time
10,It's a movie that makes me shy to say that I work for a car company. I need to study more
10,I didn't know that the running time was this long until the movie was overI'm so happy that two masterpieces from Ford v Ferrari and Knivesout came out at the end of this year
10,Best. My heart was about to explode the whole time I watched it
10,This movie reminded me of my work life first.
10,I agree with you that it's not when you watch Frozen Speed and emotion. I've been focusing on the whole movie
9,The Le Mans racing scene is a great scene.I'm sorry to hear that.
9,The engine sound was the best
10,It's touching. The movie you have to watch at the movie theater.
8,Type 2 movie that makes my feet go up and down
10,Reflect on Korean films that feature only political antics and common romance comedies. Exclusive screen problem? Who are you making fun of? A movie that's like a pearl in a pile of trash videos!
10,It's been a while since I've gotten 10 out of 100. It's thrilling to keep
10,Logan doesn't disappoint either (except Dublin)
10,It's touching and it's so much fun!
10,It's been a while since I saw this
7,It's not bad It's worth watching
10,I enjoyed watching it without getting bored. The son who likes cars also enjoyed watching it for a long time
10,I think it's the best movie of the year
10,There is nothing to skip from beginning to end
8,It's a war! Starting with "Beat Ford" and coming out of favor with Ford. Miles is the best
10,I hope you watch it's so touchingThe Best Movie of 2019
10,I've never left anything like this before. It was so much fun. I want everyone around me to see it.crying
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I'm so happy to be born in the era of 4d screenX.I can't forget the goosebumps when we hit 7000 RPM.
10,It's a great movie Korean movies need to reflect on themselves. This is a real movie...
10,I was so nervous It felt like I was Ken Miles I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently Make sure to watch it!
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie.We encourage you to watch it in theaters!The contents below are omitted hahaha
10,Ferrari wins...
10,One thing money can't buy is to win a man's heart
10,It's my best movie of the year
10,It was so much fun^^I watched it today and I can tell you that it is a movie that anyone who likes cars must watch^^
9,This movie is so awesome. I'm sorry for the audience
10,It was the best movie I saw this year.
10,Loyalty and friendship...the ugliness of company executives
10,The best movie! A really fun guy
10,Christian Vale is crazy. I watched it more thrilling than the actual racing
10,Type 2 is a boring movie
9,Jason Bourne and Batman are the best actors I've ever seen
10,Two and a half hours will pass quickly. I really enjoyed it.
10,It was so much fun. There was a hero
10,You're so good at acting. It's fun
10,It's a masterpiece that I haven't seen in a while. I can't express it I think there is a lack of any expression.
10,America's greatness and the resemblance of the last real person and Christian Bale are astonishing
10,The script and directing are all crazy. Best movie I've seen this year.
10,Enjoy watching for 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,This movie is rated out of 10 and applauds the actors for their acting
10,The movie that became one of my life's movies!
10,The best movie to wrap up this year is a movie that gives me goosebumps and shakes my heart just by the car exhaust sound and the actors' acting.
10,It's fun if there's no time to be bored
10,It's my first time using it It's really fun Make sure to watch it
10,It's a real art movie that shows each character's attitude towards life
10,Christian Bale's acting was the best!
10,I strongly recommend it! It's really really fun. It's so immersive that it doesn't feel long at all. It's sad that it's endingI'm happy
10,It's the best. Crazy movie.I miss you again.Time flies
10,It's so much fun!
10,Make sure to watch it! Time flies!
9,The best painting of the year.as if one's heart were going to explode
10,It's so sad that this got buried because of "Frozen"
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year
10,I was looking forward to it because you said it wasn't fun
10,Masterpiece... I should watch it again
10,It's the longest movie I've seen this year. It's real
10,The Best Movie of 2019
10,Park Pyung Sik got 7 points. I think I'm looking for 7 points. That's the end of course
10,It's more fun than I expected. Good good
10,It was really fun. act and tell a lot
10,I didn't know that action movie would be my life movie.It's so funny.
10,Best movie I've seen this year!
9,I enjoyed it. Your acting is no joke
10,The Feast of Motor Sports Based on a True Story
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch it I want to get a driver's license
10,It's a masterpiece. It's one of the top three movies of the year
10,I can see why the engine is driving me crazy
10,This is what makes your hands sweat!
10,It was so much fun and I lost track of timeI think this is what movies are likeIt's the best
10,My eyes are so clean...
10,No... There's nothing missing. Wow... This is the movie. All Korean filmmakers must have died. It's a wall of the world
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year!
10,There's nothing missing Make sure you watch it in the theater or you'll regret it
10,It was a movie that felt short for 2 hours and 30 minutesI'm going to go watch it one more time ^^
10,Two and a half hours are filled to the brim
8,Legendary car racing. Eyes and ears are in luxury. The chemistry between the two actors is a bonus.
10,The movie is crazy.You're the best
10,I lost track of time
10,It was so much fun
10,Not "Frozen" but you have to watch this Guys
10,Just watch it no matter what. The best movie that makes your heart race
10,Heart beating at 7000 rpm
10,I've been to Miles's race that I've never been to in my life
9,I think I've seen an interesting discovery documentary
10,It gave us speed and emotion
9,Time flies so fast even though the running time is long. Two men's pure passion for cars! I want to focus and see you again at MX theater.
10,The best! A movie that makes you feel stuffy!
10,A movie that makes you focus from the beginning
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie.Tea lovers shudder throughout their lives as if they were enjoying themselves
10,The best movie of my life
10,An exciting and boring movie. The casting of actors is amazing. It's so much fun!
10,A man would fall in love with this movie
1,Don't watch this
1,Why is it rated high? It's really boring and boring. I always believe in my GPA
10,The best movie of 2019!
10,How can a movie like this get the same ticket price as a domestic movie?We're going to get an Oscar next year.
10,It was the best. It was so much fun
9,Another aesthetics movie of racing. The transcendence felt when reaching the limit is well expressed in the competition scene in the theater.
8,The racing scene at Le Mans is the best
9,The boss called me fat
10,It's a movie that doesn't leave out any story or video. It was fun to watch the classic car and I was immersed in it because of the speed. Make sure to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,Who gave this movie 8 points? Please recommend a movie. I wonder what movie you watched and if you can give me that score
10,It's a movie that even people who don't know about cars get immersed!There was no time to get tired of the main characters' acting and cammy watching. I strongly recommend it!
10,That's one word. That's funny
2,Excessive ratings... 7-8 is appropriate.2 points for rating adjustment
10,Movie of the Year...
10,It was so interesting that I didn't know when the long running time of two and a half hours passed. The story was so dense that there was no time to get bored. Matt Damon and Christian Bale's performance was also superb. It was definitely the best movie I've seen this year.
10,The reason to buy a Ferrari!
9,Encho Ferrari President Win!
10,It's so real. GT40 and Ferrari's engine sound...Your heart will beat very fast and you will always taste adrenaline. A must-see movie!
10,I don't know how long it's been since "Fast and the Furious" and "Fast and the Furious" movies. It's really fun It's not a waste to say that it's well-made.
10,It's so exciting to be able to do what you like. My heart is pounding
10,It's so much fun! Interesting!
9,The last Ken Miles race reminded me of Kim Dong-sung's angry run
10,It's just a life movie that anyone who likes cars must watch. That's a trick. I can't even express it in the comments. Regret if you don't see it
10,It was the most interesting movie I watched in 2019. A masterpiece!
10,It was fun even after I slept in front of Solka for 30 minutes.
9,Good chemistry between Bale and Damon.God Christian Vale
10,Time flies with RPM7000 while listening to the sound of the engine that makes your heart race
10,This is a movie. This is a man
10,The best car movie ever!
10,A country where SUVs have taken over the road.It's a movie that's hard to get touched in a society where big things are always good
8,We raise our thrill rpm to the end.
10,It was a movie that I didn't expect much. I think it was a better movie than I expected I strongly recommend it to my acquaintances
8,Very proper casting and great acting. It's a surprising story that it was a true story.
10,It was really fun. I was so into it that I lost track of timeI think it's the best movie of the year!
10,Please reflect on yourself while watching Korean movies. He's always sentimental. Anti-Japanese. Don't distort history
10,I watched a perfect movie after a long time. Time.It was so much fun that I didn't know I was leaving
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year
6,Screw NAVER's rating.
10,The action scenes aren't all about smashing
7,Sleep tight for about an hour and a half and watch it thenOr you can go home a little later
10,So funny. So funny. Much more alive than the acid. Willing to repurchase.
10,I enjoyed watching it with a true story in the background.
9,Where is the distributor?This movie has nowhere to be seen.That's sad.
10,Just watch it. No words needed
10,have an indescribable charm
10,Top 2 movies of the year! Parasite and "Ford v Ferrari" must-see movies in theaters.Make it as big as possible!A movie you'll never regret.
1,LOL. How can you make this into a movie? I'd rather watch this than watch it 10 times and write a review
8,It was impressive. I enjoyed it.
10,It's better than "Frozen"!
10,Right? Hello - I'm not the only one who heard?
10,a chilling engine sound
6,It's like a Ford propaganda film
9,The production was really good.
10,I saw it yesterday and it's the best This is more like "Bosseng" than "Highly recommended Frozen"
10,compare human conflict and anguish to uncontrollable racing
10,Two and a half hours. The running time is 350 kilometers per hour. Best movie I've seen this year!
1,I don't know what movie I want to talk about That Matt and Christian are friends? You want me to look at it?
8,the story of men who never lose
10,Watch the legendary movie based on a true story at 7000 rpm. Why did Carol Shelby say hello when she got off the plane and greeted the welcome?
10,I'm still moved. I'm thinking of going to see it one more time.
2,The snoring sound of the man in the back seat is more memorable
10,The inner portrayal and directing skills of racing scenes make your heart beat!
10,It's a masterpiece of bad luck hidden in the impossible Frozen.
9,You have to watch this in a real movie theater. It's like I'm driving a racing car
10,I'm going to buy a Ford
10,I lost track of time and my hands were sweating and it was so much fun
10,It's a perfect game. The two actors!
6,It's boring because it's too long.
10,It was fun. I lost track of time and watched it while being nervous It's as touching as it's a true story.
10,The cast of the actors and the racing movie is surprisingly flawless.
10,Not yet... Not yet... Right now! Vroom!
9,Most people don't see it. You don't even know it exists. But it definitely exists.
8,It's thrilling and fun!
9,The racing scene is a movie that gives you a thrilling tension and the roar of the engine makes your heart beat
10,It was a movie that I was really immersed in after a long time.7000rpm
10,He's so good at acting and he's so immersed in it!
10,Met Damon Christian Bale's performance alone showed that the film could be more complete.
8,A leader who recognizes single-mindedness and potential
10,I really lost track of time
10,A hidden masterpiece in a number of colorful films. .I miss you again :)
6,Ford movie in the U.S. and Ferrari in Italy
10,I just saw it and came out. Wow... You hit a man in the heart
8,Is there anyone who likes to lose?There's no V
7,Typical American Praise Film. Racing is fun
10,It's a good movie It's been a long time since I saw a well-made movie. The sound of the engine still makes my heart...Haha
10,A movie that expresses a man's wiggling desire well.It was a movie that brought out a man's emotion well^^
8,It was a movie that made my heart beat faster. I recommend the front seat. I think we didn't overreact and talked about it realistically.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie where time flies like this I enjoyed it so much!
10,The movie was good. Good
10,The Fastest Man in the World
10,Batman's amazing acting skills
9,The casting is done These are Christian Bale and Matt Damon
9,It's not a fantasy even from the eyes of an engineer. It's an impressive movie
10,It became one of the best racing movies
10,It makes my heart race. It's a movie that helped me find the excitement that I forgot
10,I want to race Reflect on Korean movies
10,The dignity of a successful man is not a problem if he loses a bet
9,Ken's facial expression checking the side mirror in the last rap. That scene keeps coming to mind
10,an attractive film that attracts even those who are not interested in racing
10,It's mandatory for everyone in a knife car
10,Matt Damon had to take Ford Seconds for another two laps
10,The price of Korean movies is very...It was so much fun
10,I personally liked the 60's background of the movie that I must see in the theater
10,I definitely recommend it if it's a guy Really
10,It's a material that's hard to come out in Korea...  The stories of people who run for what they want to do.A man's dream is a Ferrari
10,I strongly recommend it. Go watch it
10,A really well-made movie! The last one was so sad.
10,I watched it with sweat in my hands I didn't know it was showing for two and a half hours
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in 2019I'm not going to talk about this.
10,It's a movie I want to watch again.
10,OO people don't see this. Watch it when you are in the movie theater. Don't regret watching it later on TV
10,Definitely the best movie of the year!Appropriate humor and humanism.I think the engine inside of me is still running.
4,Jumanji is more fun
10,No music needed exhaust sound engine sound brake sound fills sound overflowing happiness
10,Watch this movie like crazy!
10,The acting story is amazing Make sure you watch it
10,One of the few movies I want to pay more for.
10,I lost track of time. It was fun.
10,Watch it in a regular theater on the first day and watch it again on 4dx the next day. Time flies! It's more fun because I know the next scene.
10,Thank you so much for watching this movie at the movie theater
8,I was overwhelmed by the speed and tension that made my hands sweat
10,This is what a movie is like! I loved the great acting of the two main actors
10,I watch this 100 times rather than watching "Kingdom of Modification"
8,Everything is perfect. Life? Life? It's a short story.I have a lot of thoughts about the end of the year...
10,I'm sick of acting at the theater
10,The best movie of 2019!What else do we need to say? Let's get hooked on the sound of Matt Damon Christian Vale engine exhaust
10,American movie with great fun and masterpiece
10,That long time is not boring at all.It's a great movie that combines calm and speed
7,It's hard to be crazy about something.
10,It's a girl's life movie. Well-made
10,Chew your gum while you watch it
10,have no time to be bored The best racing movie I've ever seen
10,It's so much fun. I was so immersed in it
1,A car is perfect for a car
10,2 hours and 30 minutes
10,That's amazing. Even my wife who doesn't know much about cars said it was fun. Highly recommended
10,Why am I crying when I'm not even sad?
10,Look. You can look. Don't waste your money.
10,I don't need another word. This is a movie
10,It's so much fun!
10,There was no time to be bored even though it was a long movieMy heart was pounding and full of excitement throughout the movie. One of the top five movies I've seen this year
8,All the famous people who made famous tea are coming out. Porsche comes out in a dope
7,I really enjoyed your acting.
10,It's amazing. Hhhhhhhhhhahaha. I'm getting emotional ^^ It's a good movie! I recommend it!
7,It sounds good.
8,Alberto's in the movies
10,I lost track of time and watched it
10,The best movie of 2019 is Joker and Ford V Ferrari
10,Both the cars and the scenes were good to gauge the times. There's no time to be bored. It's a movie that will last for a long time.
10,It's fun. Hehehe. Please watch it
8,I compliment myself for watching until the end
10,It's a movie that needs to be watched and learned by modern people and Kia
10,The ranking of the best movies of my life has changed.
10,It's just crazy. Make sure you watch it. It's your first review on NAVER
10,Another life movie I want to watch!
10,I really enjoyed itHahaha
10,It feels like I'm in a 7000 RPM car.
10,I miss you again I was so into movies that I lost track of time
9,It's been a long time since my heart beat in many ways
8,The ending is a bit disappointing
10,I'm so nervous and thrilled that my hands are sweatingIt was so much fun.
10,This is not a car racing movie!It's the story of office workers who have the best stories to see through cars!
10,I wanted to step on the drive after watching the movie
10,This is the true friendship of men
10,It's a bloody movie. I didn't know it was a 2 1/2 hour movie
10,I want to watch another movie that makes me concentrate so much that I can't think of anything else for a second throughout the movie Thrilling and touching. I recommend it
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
8,Movie Speed Pleasure for Men The race scene makes you crazy about thrilling field Highly recommended for men
8,It's this! This is the racing movie that you don't even know and focus on racing to the exciting rhythm
10,It's been a while since I last time being
10,This is the highest score.It's so thrilling and funIt's Gungseo font
10,I really lost track of time. Christian Bale's character transformation seems endless I strongly recommend it!
10,I really lost track of time. Christian Bale's character transformation seems endless I strongly recommend it!
10,It's fun. It's a movie that's in a clack style
10,A movie that makes me feel how my heart beats the whole time I watch time go by
10,This is the end of the best movie of the year. I'm looking forward to the moment when Korean movies are as good as this movie!!!
10,It was a great movie.
10,The best! The best!I'm going to watch it twice!
10,I'm so flattered that I feel like I'm a good actor
10,I can't help it
10,The best movie of the year lingers in my mind
10,2 hours and 30 minutes of running time is gone. The production of Le Mans 24 racing is amazing.
10,It's a true story. It's a stereotyped head...
10,You'll know when you see it. a high-quality film of the year
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,I have to take care of my rice bowl.
10,Lost track of time
10,An amazing experience where 150 minutes go by so quickly.A magical time when Christian Bale's face looks more and more handsome.Allow Oscar!
10,A wife who loves the smell of oil and a man who does what he likes. I was happy throughout the movie.
10,It's more touching because it's a true story!
10,....I miss you again(Singing "TWICE")
10,The most unfortunate movie is that there aren't many theaters showing right now
10,The movie that lingers in my mind all the time I watch a movie is thrilling
10,The racing scene was so thrilling that it felt very short even though it was a long movie
10,The word impeccable movie is perfect.
10,Christian Bale acting is rich and always good
10,Christian Bale... is a genius actor. I thought you were a native Englishman
9,You have to look at it from the front to the third row. It's the sound of the engine. Heart beating. My dad's a mechanic. He'll love it
10,It's the best! The movie that made my hands sweat!
10,It was so much fun! I recommend it!
10,Twist and twist... I think I enjoyed it more than "Frozen
10,Two and a half hours pass by quickly.Vice President Ford is so mean and annoying.Corporate CEOs and executives are required to watch the movie.
8,A movie for everyone who has a dream
10,Best movie in the second half of this year
10,It's been a while since I saw a heart beating movie
10,I sold my car to walk around and it set fire to my heart!!!
10,It's so much fun. There's no need for words I'm sleepy but I'm wide awake when I went to see it
10,I highly recommend it I lost track of time
10,I wanted to whip someone in the movie.
10,I don't need an explanation. Just look
10,Best movie of the year that makes you chew up the tea
10,Drive safely when you come out of the movie theater!
10,It's been so long since I've seen such a cool movie!I recommend it like crazy!
10,It's really fun. I watched it three timesThe last one is Yongamaek!
10,I liked Ferrari better after watching this movie.
10,Two and a half hours short movie is the best
10,It was a movie where I could enjoy Christian Bale's acting to my heart's content and feel car racing on the screen. Christian Bale's performance was excellent.
10,It was funny how Ford II personally experienced $9 million I'm serious. LOL But what I don't really realize is that there's a bunch of pussies down there
10,This is why American movies dominate the world. A perfect movie except for the sad ending.
6,It wasn't 9.36.  I could hear you snoring. LOL
10,It's the best movie. I think I can watch it again
10,Capitalism only dwindle the artisan's skills.
9,The sound of the engine makes my heart race!
10,You'll get immersed in the racing direction and great acting by the two actors
10,You won't be able to see this level of film again for years to come.Needless to say. 2009 is the best movie ever!
6,Let's not be fooled by horoscopes. Boredom until the middle. Just a calm movie!  Realistic = None!!!I was dozing off
10,I'm so damn good. I'much better thanky
10,I am happy. ~~H A P P Y
9,The sound was really good because I saw it at MX Hall.
7,The running time of 152 minutes doesn't feel long. The ride and excitement that you can feel even in 2D. The passion and friendship of the two men. And poo-like entrepreneurs.
10,It was a series of shivers and admiration throughout. It was a movie that stimulated something of a man. I also felt how powerful the directing was. Why? I didn't realize it was two and a half hours long until I got out of this movie. Let's watch it. It was so much fun.
8,It was boring in the beginning. But I really enjoyed the back part
10,Showing the decision-making process of Korean companies...
10,I didn't know the movie was this long.I was disappointed when the movie ended because of the great speed.crying
8,Hello! I heard it too!
9,It's a movie about friendship. It also tells you what a real promise is.
10,It's so funny.
10,A movie with an absorbing story that even people who are not interested in cars can enjoy watching
10,This kind of movie is fun at the theater
10,Every single element of this movie was the best
10,I want to say that it was the best movie
10,It was the best...
10,His acting skills are crazy as if he saw a thrilling movie after a long time
10,It's so much fun.
10,I enjoyed both the conflict and the action story Recommendation!
10,Applause for their acting and visual beauty!
8,Let's just look at it like this Batman and James Vaughan's meeting...I'm getting drunk. It's a waste of time
10,7000 RPM. It's somewhere
10,The most interesting movie I watched this year
9,It's fast and fun.
10,One of the well-made movies I saw this year
8,The last race is BBB
10,It's a real men's movie. It's like my heart is going to explode in the racing scene.Applause
10,I'm so touched.^^ Best movie ever
10,The last movie of the year is the best!
10,This year... the best entertainment I've ever seen
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie that I could call a trick. I lost track of time and I was so immersed in it. You're the best!
10,It's just a short but impressive tip. It's like we're running after the safety battle. I didn't know the movie time went by
10,Christian Vale is cool.
10,Watch this movie and drive your car safely...
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,The movie that made my heart beat at 7000 RPM while I was watching is amazing
9,I loved Christian Bale's performance.  a movie like a car racing
10,It's my first time writing a review after watching a movie. Why is this movie second in the box office rankings? Why isn't it first?!? The best movie I've ever seen this year. - Please make sure everyone has seen it
10,It's by far the best movie I've seen recently
9,I'm touched by the passion of pure idiots.The racing scene is awesome!
9,It's a good movie. It's a movie that I want to recommend that has unique actors' roles and a solid story~ even a probable production.
10,The most fun movie I've seen this year
10,You have to watch "Insane Beauty" no matter what
10,Screen x Recommendation. The best movie I've seen in 2019
10,We know who's number one.
10,America's Growth and Ford's Realistic Expressions
10,It's dynamic that takes 150 minutes without a break
10,It's a movie that men should watch together. I lost track of time and watched it!  Good
10,I really want to say that it's the best movie ever. It's touching.
9,The car racing scene reminded me of Ben Hur's wagon race. The roar of the racing car increases the level of immersion to the point where it gives me the illusion that I am racing.
10,Christian Bale's acting is crazy. I hope bureaucracy is gone.
10,Go watch "So much fun" right now!
10,It's the best. Don't compare it to the Frozen that babies see
10,Exhaust sound
10,I was sweating on my hands~~
10,It's like a movie where the three beats of a movie go well together
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen this year.
8,a money-saving film
9,It was a real movie
10,I think I'm on top of the Le Mans track
10,It was a perfect movie!Strongly recommend
10,I like the real-life version of McQueen
9,The rpm went down a bit It's so cool to soar
10,Time warp. Time flies. 7000 rpm into a trance.
10,The movie I watched the day before and the next day is the best
10,I love the story and acting~~^^ I recommend it*
10,Thank you for watching Ford vs Ferrari...Hella funny 
10,I saw it with my eyes and ears
10,I can't forget Ken Miles' tears as he comes down to the final gear and compromises society.
10,A movie that made me want to buy a Ferrari after watching Ford's story
10,The best movie of the year for me
8,It's not bad
9,It's time for Korea to make a movie like this
10,That was the funniest 4dx I've ever seen
10,The beginning of Shelby Mustang's infested wild horse engine sound!
9,Experience extreme speed with a driver
10,One of the best movies...
10,It's so much fun. Among movies I haven't seen in a while
10,A movie that stimulates racing instinct
10,I lost track of time. Very funny.
10,Wow... It's so immersive
10,Just watch it. Just watch it twice I don't regret it
10,Good. It's worth seeing as much more than I expected
10,It feels like I watched a man's movie after a long time
10,I was so immersed in the Le Mans competition that my heart almost exploded
10,It's so much fun. I almost disappeared at 7000 RPM
10,Korean left-wing politics is more interesting than the movie. Thrilling
10,It's been a long time since I saw a heartbreaking movie. Even five stars is too small.
10,I can't stop thinking about Christian Bale's pronunciation and nuance
10,Ferrari is the best sports car
10,It's the best movie I want to watch two or three times
10,It's a movie that depicts innocent people like angels who live passionately in their field. It's a movie that's very speed-controlled. It's really immersive. 2 hours and 30 minutes are gone.
10,Please watch it at SounddxSound is the most important thing
10,Have you ever sweated while watching a movie? I feel it here.
10,The movie of my life. Real men
10,The best movie I've seen this year!!!
10,Pyeongsik gave me seven points. Need another word?
9,Why is Pyeongsik receiving positive reviews?
10,My pee-bo that shrinks every time I step on the accelerator.
6,I think the tightening tension and warm family love stand out
10,I can't believe the main character died. It's sad
9,I'm sad that I can't see Imax because of Frozen 2
10,Best car action movie with best narrative
10,It makes me step on the accelerator without realizing it
10,It's a movie that makes you find yourself smiling
10,This movie should be seen in 4dx. It's seriously the best
10,A movie that makes you empathize with all the characters throughout the movie.
7,There's nothing to look forward to. But above average!
10,It's definitely thrilling and nervousIt's a movie that Ford doesn't like but Ford's executives
10,The sound is a work of art. I can feel the groans under my body
10,It's the best movie of the year. It's a man's You have to watch it
10,It is not a waste of time to watch the movie. It is the most interesting movie on the screen.
10,I want to run. It makes me want to run.
10,I usually don't like the expression "crazy" but this movie is crazy
10,Best movie I've seen lately
10,You're such a good actor That's a lot of fun.
10,Ferrari is the best sports car
10,Two and a half hours went by so quickly! It's a movie that you fell in love with Christian Vale's charms
10,I want to make money and ride v8
10,I was on my way back from the movie when I stepped on the Sonata Hybrid at 7000 RPM and got a traffic light violation
10,Anyone with a car...It's something anyone should see.A touching movie
10,It's so much fun. I'm going to watch it again
9,He runs as fast as a racing car that made a good running time of 152 minutes.
8,James Mangold is a great director
10,Watching a movie gave me goosebumps. I bet you'll regret it if you don't watch it
8,The sound of the engine makes my heart flutter
10,You can watch this at the theater It was fun and touching
10,It felt like it even though it wasn't a 3D IMAX movie theater.
10,It's a neat movie. You have to watch it with a big screen and loud sound to enjoy it properly. Watching it on TV or a computer monitor at home can halve the fun.
9,Christian Bale's Acting Heart Stops
10,It's too bad to watch the trailer after watching the movie. This is so much fun.
10,The best movie I've ever seen without falling asleep
10,GFRIEND is having so much fun
9,Christian Bale's acting is crazy. And Noah is growing up well
10,It's really fun.
10,My hands are sweating... a movie to watch twice in a movie theater
10,My hands are sweating... a movie to watch twice in a movie theater
6,It's amazing because it's a true story
8,You two are the best
10,My heart is pounding. I think I should take some heart medicine
10,It's been a while since I watched a movieThe story is very strong!
10,A movie that makes you want to drive even though you don'
10,The movie made my heart flutter just by listening to the sound of exhausting sound. The movie made me love the car so that I could see it from the perspective of a movie racer who gave depth and echoes every word of the movie line
10,It's really good. Watch it three times
10,The first movie I watched twice. It's perfect. I want to watch it again.
10,Hello. I thought I heard you wrong.
10,A movie that makes your heart beat at 7000 rpm
10,It was too bad that it was a two-and-a-half-crying
10,It's thrilling! It's the best! My heart rate is 7000 rpm
9,The most interesting movie I watched recently. ♡
10,The thrill of the production!
9,The smoke is amazing and the tempo is crazy
10,a movie that makes men's hearts beat
10,You're the best ♥? Ang napping belt
8,That's awesome. His acting skills are amazing
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie worth watching
10,There's no room for boredom. It's my life's work Make sure to watch it. Twice
10,It was a movie that I enjoyed watching after a long time. I couldn't take my eyes off the racing because my heart was pounding. The long running time won't be boring. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's been a while since I watched a really fun movie. It's a flawless movie. You're the best!
10,It was the best movie these days
10,It's been a while since I saw you racing. Here is the race of emotion that was expected in the first episode of Fast and Furious.
10,The best movie ever! So much fun! No more words needed.
10,We met at 7000 rpm
10,The veil is so cool I felt like Batman in the scene where I wore sunglasses
10,Everything is the best movie based on a true story.
10,I'm pretty satisfied with the story.
8,The sound of the engine that rings my heart makes me excited.
10,I saw it today. 2 hours and 30 minutes are gone. I really enjoyed watching it and I recommend it as the best movie of the year. Make sure to watch it. Especially men!!!
10,I'm really going to lose. Speed and thrills in the best car race movie time fleeting Godferrari and Petford
10,My heart is beating after a long time. I lost track of time.Why do I cry when I see my car after watching the movie?
10,I don't need to say. It's been a while since Bohemian Rhapsody and I've been this excited. I'm going to go watch it again!
10,It's the best movie of the year
8,It's not Ford v Ferrari. It's Ford v Ford
10,There are interesting movies like this. I really enjoyed watching it. I've never been bored for 150 minutes. Thank you for making it. It's like an avatar
9,Why does my car have an RPM of 7000?
3,The man in front of the boredom for an hour just sleeps; I wonder if it's a poo-poo movie
10,a thrill of fun and depth
7,True racing and friendship.
10,Life is in the movie I'm touched without realizing it
10,It's fun!
10,It's fun even for people who don't like cars. There's no movie like this for a car lover.
10,I want to go there and watch it again
8,The best movie of my life?
10,It's two and a half hours long? I thought it's been an hour and a half.  I watched it with sweat all the time. Encho Ferrari was cool and the movie was fun
10,It was the most exciting movie I've seen this year! I strongly recommend it
8,Thank you for the tyranny of conglomeratesYou were good at acting.It's a depressing movie because it's a true story
10,What an exciting movie! I recommend it to you
8,I'd believe the racing video was 20 years ago. I guess you didn't have much money
6,I feel that I have a GPA againIt's a lie that there's no boredom other than 30-40 minutes in the second half
10,My wife is also a great driver
9,It was a very immersive story. I held back my pee and lost track of timeLOL
10,Drink a lot of water and don't go see it
10,It was so much fun that there was no time to be bored for 2 hours and 20 minutes. The racing scene is always at the movie theater!
10,It's so much fun watching it in 4DX
10,Isn't it 30 minutes?
10,It's not too late to think about it
10,I've seen men screaming everywhere
9,I've seen men screaming everywhere
10,It's really the best
10,A movie that won't be shy to compete for the best of the year. What are you waiting for? Go and watch it before you come down from the movie theater.
10,I don't have to search for a movie that's meaningful enough to give five stars
10,It's so much fun to watch on screen X a million times Good choice 2 and a half hours is not a waste!!! Strong Chuu
10,Best movie of the year! Everything is perfect! The movie from the American perspective is like a cross-border movie that makes you go to work and get upset. You can see that!
10,The best part of the racing scene. Perfect angle from a low angle. Perfect sense of urgency. Maximum immersion throughout the running time. Christian Bale makes me realize that the exhaust sound of the best casting sports car for this movie is so exciting
4,It's hard to get immersed in the character. The poor directing skills...One hour out of two and a half hours shows boring conflicts that can be deleted.
10,I'm logging in to get in at least on Battlegrounds
10,It feels like it ended earlier than Frozen 2
10,Make sure you watch it. You won't regret it
8,Battle on a track without a gun.  The movie is awesome actors and actresses
8,The latter part of the story is a bit disappointing
10,7000rpm...I miss you again. That's all I can say.
7,a one-sided speech
10,Another life movie!
10,Ford! Put everything on the full axel!
10,Wow... It's really 2 hours and 30 minutes. I compliment myself for watching it on ARMY
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that I liked.  It was so nice.
10,I feel like a racer for two and a half hours
10,The movie is crazy. It's a great movie. It's a Korean movie. It's a bad movie. I realized why America is amazing. I enjoyed the two actors' performances
10,Best movie of the year...After Avengers
10,The engine sound is so cool
1,It's no fun
10,Christian Vale Matt Damon...The acting is speechless and perfect. The racing action is exciting enough to make your hands sweat. The story is also solid. The laughter code is also attractive. I recommend this year's movie to the point where my review feels like a part-time job
8,You'll never regret it if you watch it with ARMY
10,I enjoyed it a lot
10,You'll know when you see it. It's the best!Hahaha
10,Last 30 minutes. Thrill good!
10,It was just "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Guys.
10,Make sure to watch it. Twice It's my favorite movie
10,It's a two-and-a-half-hour movie.I watched it without knowing the time went by. I was satisfied because it ended neatly
10,The movie that made me praise 4D because I disparaged 4D for disturbing the movie's concentration!I was looking for a seat belt without realizing it in the rain race scene.
10,a burning flame
10,It was just the best!
10,I held my pee and watched it until the end.
1,Sleep tight with your girlfriend
10,I think it was the most interesting movie I watched this year.
9,Running time 2 hours and 40 minutes down. It's a movie never been boring.Perfection of directing and oeste as well as cinematic messages.You've given the office worker a hard time when you forgot about your pure passion.
10,This is not just an entertainment movie.
10,2 hours and 30 minutes were so short that it was so much fun
10,Full of excitement and touching story
10,It was a really great and fun movie!
7,Let's start the war
10,It's touching and exciting. It's good for your eyes and ears. It's the best
10,But why did my wife come out...
10,2 hours 30 minutes is the same movie as 2 minutes 30 seconds
9,Does Ken's son go to school? It bothers me lol
10,The movie that was so cool...It was so nice because I felt like I watched a movie after a long time I strongly recommend it
10,I never thought I would cry after watching a racing movie
10,The parasite Aladdin Joker Ford Ferrari is one of the four greatest movies of the year. 9 points and 10 points in total
9,It was the best
8,A human drama that conveys the desire and reach of human goals beyond just racing games with speed
10,It's by far the best movie I've seen in recent years.
6,It's more fun to watch at the movie theater. It's a movie worth watching
10,I felt a sense of shame when I saw the passionate main characters
10,I really enjoyed the movie because it was based on a true story and the actors' acting was amazing.I think I'll remember this movie just by looking at a sports car passing by~~^^
10,Pyeongsik gave me 7 points Let's go to see it.
10,It's so much fun to watch at the theater
10,The tremendous speed and the exhaust of the cars make your heart beat
9,I want to drive a Ferrari. But 320 per hour?
10,The best movie I've seen this year! I was thrilled and moved.
8,I could feel something hot about them.
10,Please watch it through 4DX or IMAX That's legendary
10,It's been a while since I wrote a comment. It's a masterpiece
10,The movie is fun! My hands are sweating!Hahaha
10,This year's most immersive movie
10,The lingering feeling of the roar. Hello
10,It's more touching than a sad movie that's forced. It's more tense than a provocative horror movie and more thrilling than an action movie that survives a shower of bullets Two and a half hours of long running time at 7000 RPM
8,Story good! It lingers a lot
10,It's worth watching with just the actors' acting
10,His acting was great and the game was full of excitement
8,I didn't know it was a true story. What's the synchronization between the actor and the real person?
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie
4,What's funny about it'Burger King feeling in the middle because it's boring
10,It was so much fun
2,Action. Race scene boring. an outrageous touch I'm paying for Hollywood.Please don't look.Don't be fooled. I'm coming to bed.
10,I hope you can feel the thrill at the movie theater!
10,I thought Joker was the best movie of the year Really
10,Sound that can only produce a spontaneous inhalation engine. Always impressive performances by Christian Bale and Matt Damon.
10,It's the best movie of the year
10,A movie with perfect content and acting.
10,It was so much fun Thank you.
4,I watched it because I heard it was so much fun. The movie that made me feel that I have different tastes in movies... Maybe it's because the movie style doesn't match... It was just boring...
10,I think it's the best movie of the year. There's nothing missing.
10,I think it was good because there was realistic description and detail about race unlike sports movies that only have x form
10,Somewhere near 7000 rpm...There is a point where consciousness fades.
10,It's the best move since "Interstellar"
10,The acting and directing were really good It's been a long time since I saw a movie with good for my ears
10,Applause for the actors' acting skills
10,Ken Miles asks if we have to go to adulthood
10,It's so much fun even for a girl
10,Awesome. I don't need to say anything The speed is the best!
10,2 hours and 30 minutes are gone.
10,Time flies so fast. So much fun
10,I didn't expect much but it was fun
9,My blood boiled the whole time I watched it A movie for real manly men
10,An exciting drama that reflects the times
10,Bale oppa's acting!
9,I want to ride at 7000 rpm
10,A short time that feels like an hour and a half of a movie that I watched twice at the theater for the first time
10,I don't know what I'm lacking to fill up the stars How can it not be fun to make a true story that is more like a movie than a movie?
9,I didn't expect this because I fell asleep at the gallopIt's so much fun
10,I really regret not seeing it in 4D
10,The actors that I trust... a movie without regrets
10,Christian Bale and Matt Damon... That's a good combination
10,It's really fun.Hey! This is the movie!
10,This year ends with the movie and the Joker.
8,It's divided. The one who dozes off in the middle and the one who says presence
10,The 160-minute running time is not boring at all This is what movies are about. People who love cars must watch it. Ford... Ford...That's mean
10,Interstellar Matthew McConaughey keeps overlapping
9,Too many cooks spoil the broth
10,It's very thrilling. It felt like I was getting nervous. It was very nice
10,I'll give you a perfect score without hesitation. It's well-made
10,The most memorable movie.I met my husband yesterday and I am going to see him again tomorrow.
1,I almost died of sleepiness. Don't trust my GPA. Recommendation for people who can't sleep
10,It's the best movie of the year.Thank you.
10,A movie that can't miss a moment of tension.
10,Watch it in 4D!
10,From Matt Damon and Christian Bale to "shut up and watch."Watch it in a big theater with a good sound!
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year
10,152 minutes passed in an instant
10,It was fun. I recommend it
10,The most impressive movie I've seen this year came out in December
10,I think it's the most interesting movie I've seen in the past few months. 4dx is recommended...
10,I am sorry that the ticket price was so cheap.
10,Is it real that the price is the same as the hit squad?
10,It's such a great movie. I recommend it
10,It's crazy. Just watch I've never used anything like this before
10,Twice as much fun as Frozen 2
10,I'm into the old car!
9,An exciting story based on two actors' acting and true stories. A movie that makes you nervous until the end
10,My heart was so full and it was so much fun!
10,The actors' acting is excellent with a solid storyline.
10,It's full of thrills--!!!
10,It's fun. But I'm also saying helloI heard
10,It was the best movie of the year
10,The best movie... The best movie I've seen in recent years ago
10,It's the best racing drama that even girls can watch
9,The excitement that makes you want to watch it all at once
10,The best drama race is my life
10,That's cool. Good. I enjoyed the movie
10,Matt Damon is chewing gum deliciously
10,a stunning visual beautyA thrilling OST. A realistic acting.a thrilling productionEven the touching story is perfect.
10,It's really the best!
10,Christian Vale's acting is greatI couldn't slow down the whole time and time flew by so fast!It's a high-quality movie
10,Weekends fade as they approach 7000 rpm
10,I was so into the great acting that I could feel the speed~~
10,I'm so happy to see a movie like this.
10,It's such a shame that we can't get 10 million viewers.
8,a movie that can be both fun and touching
10,I really wanted to punch the vice president who looks like Guillaume Petri.
7,Running time is long and acting is good
9,Christian Bale's performance alone is enough for this movie!
10,I regretted watching it without thinking. I'll watch it on CGV 4D.
10,gt40 Want to buy
10,Hello~Listen carefully^^
9,The movie you should watch at the theater. Don't know. Eunyeong can't fall asleep
10,It's my first movie review. This is a must-see movie. Acting and directing is the best movie I've ever seen in 40 years.
1,It's a movie that will be very disappointing for those who expect action. Typical American character narrative-driven story. Unnecessarily long running time.
10,Let's watch Frozen at home with Ddalam.You can feel the engine sound when you watch this movie with the movie theater sound. King Boo and Arghhhah!
10,A 30-year-old woman. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently. Make sure to watch it
10,Am I the only one who cried? a great movie
10,It's really... fun. You should go and watch it
10,It's so much fun.It's so touching. It's so much fun.
10,There is no need for words. A bloodthirsty man will keep thinking of watching until he thinks twice or three times. What a life movie.
10,Who am I...?
10,It's the best movie I can't help but get a rating lol
8,Lesson: The company is not to be trusted
10,It's so much fun. You're so good at acting like Christian Vale
8,Not Ferrari vs Ford.I think Ford vs.The fast race was so cool and the strong friendship story of the men was well expressed.I'm very satisfied with my solo work
10,It's the best movie ever since Harry Potter Bohemian Rhapsody
10,I love you as much as 7000!
10,It's worth seeing a lot.
10,I hope you can watch a movie at the theater that you don't waste your time and money.
10,Wow... I should just go buy GT
10,I can't help but watch it ~   The acting is amazing!
10,Awesome. It's just one of my favorite movies. A stamp!
10,There's no need for words. It's real.
10,He's so into it.  Haha
10,I had so much fun that I lost track of time
10,It's fun.
10,Time flies
10,I can't believe they're not showing it in 4DX during the weekend
10,It's a heart-throbbing movie. The best!
10,This is a real movie.Korean filmmakers Should Be Shy
10,I'll just write one thing down. You're the best!
8,It was a bit ambiguous to finish the movie as interesting as I expected
10,A must-see for men working in the automobile industry
10,a movie that runs at 7000 RPM with an audience in it
10,There is no need for words. the best movie
10,It's been a while since I've been immersed in this movie
10,It's been a while since I watched a really fun movie. It's a shame that this movie isn't number one
10,The race was good and the acting was goodI'm getting mad at you for not knowing anything about the big business people!
8,I should have seen it in 3D or 4D
10,It's a movie to watch at the movie theater. I think I can still hear the engine. It lingers for a long time. I should go watch it one more time.
10,Wow... I'm so immersed in it.
10,It's a perfect movie
10,It's so much fun. 7000 RPM
10,I watched it today and I think it's the best racing movie. An epic movie that resembles real racing from start to finish.
9,I'm satisfied with just the sound of the engine
10,Not only the actors' outstanding performances but also the director's directing was amazing. It was the best movie based on a true story
10,There is no movie more dramatic than reality
10,You're so lucky to find what you really like early. What is my 7000 RPM Perfect Rap?
10,Heart racing. The passion of Ken Miles and Carol Shelby is stronger than that
8,Hi!
8,It reminds me of the time when I did Need For Speed
9,I enjoyed watching it. It wasn't boring. It was exciting for two and a half hours
10,Christian Bale! I'm Korea's Christian Bale!
10,Value with the highest engine sound alone
10,It was more fun as it went onlol
10,I lost track of time because of the lively productionHaha
10,I was so nervous and immersed that my hands were sweating for 2 hours and a half
10,It's fun. The acting is amazing~~
10,It's a really great movie
10,The details of the actors and directors made my heart flutterHah!
10,I really enjoyed it A movie that lingers!♡♡♡
10,a mountain beyond Korean cinema
10,I thought you were a part-timer because you had a good GPA.Not at all. Two and a half hours is not boring and it's so much fun. It was not a waste of money.
10,The most interesting movie I've seen this year
10,Christian Vale is so cool.
10,It's a movie to watch at IMAX
9,Sound that vibrates the floor of a movie theater like a track
10,I just don't need words a man's gallop
10,This movie is definitely re-watched
10,It's amazing that it's based on a true story!
8,I watched it with my girlfriend. GFRIEND is sleeping and I'm the only one enjoying it
10,The video and acting were all goodHaha
9,It's a movie worth watchingI didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes long
10,I really enjoyed it^^
10,It's just crazy. Life movie
10,Free yourself from being suppressed at 7000 RPM!
10,I got goosebumps while watching a movie. I recommend the first 2 hours and 32 minutes
10,How can you act so well?
10,2 hours and 30 minutes without any boredom
10,I lost track of timeLOL Make sure to watch itlol
10,Another movie has been born that connects the genealogy of car racing movies!
10,My presence? So much fun! So much fun!
10,It's been two and a half hours since I'm so nervous
10,I went to the movies of my life It was the best
10,I didn't expect much and I didn't expect much. I think it's the best this year.
10,A fun movie that you want to watch again
10,Immersive movie lol It was so sad that the movie was ending
10,I want to recommend that you watch it no matter what!
10,A cool racing that makes your heart numb makes your heart openHaha
10,Baleeshin is British again. He's British
10,I hope you can feel the thrill of racing running throughout your body
10,The sound of the engine still lingers
10,I enjoyed watching this movie for 3 hours without getting bored
10,The speed is the best! I lost track of time!
10,It was so cool
10,The best work of my life... Thank you for watching this movie today and thank you for the creator of the universe.
10,You're the best! You're the best!The acting of two great actors makes me concentrate until the end of the movie. That's cool. I enjoyed it a lot
8,Christian Bale! There's no limit to acting!
10,It's a movie where you can feel the pleasure of being immersed in the speed of 7000 RPM throughout the entire show
10,Christian Bale's acting is the best!  You have to watch it at the theater no matter what!
1,A movie that was only good for acting
10,Hello? Is there something wrong with my ears?
10,The girlfriend who doesn't know cars shed tears. Spring is the best
9,It is a movie good that relieves stress.
8,I watch a movie during my GPA time
8,It's not his part-time job. He enjoyed it. Good
10,Perfect movie with engine sound without any other effect
10,Please make sure everyone watched it please
10,Go to Zero's territory!
10,I watched it with sweat in my hands. Recommendation!
10,It would have been better if the girl didn't come out
1,The rating of 9.4 is excessive. I want to give you about 8.7.This is fun.
10,[Laughing]
10,It's so much fun. His acting is no joke. He's holding his breath
10,How can a movie over two and a half hours feel like an hour and a half?  I'm so sorry It was so much fun
10,A masterpiece. I don't need any other modifications.
10,I was so touched by what the movie tells me.Strong recommendation! Let's go to the movie theater!
10,It's really fun. It's a man's movie. It makes me want to run after the movie. But I think I've heard it before. Is it just me?
9,He's good at driving a bat car
10,A movie that'll make your heart race for your boring life
10,Christian Bale's performance is amazing. I was wiping my tears at the movie theater
10,I'll watch it twice. - I found my favorite movie.
10,Ken's racing is a must-see at the cinema crying
10,I really lost track of time and watched it. So much fun.
10,The ladies in front of me were excited too
10,It's so good. It's so fun. It's been 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,I lost track of timeIt's fun. ^^
10,That's amazing.A movie where you can feel passion
10,There's no time for the movie to be boring Time flies
10,It's so much fun
10,It's my first time to write a review. I haven't seen a movie that makes my heart flutter in a long time
2,It's not fun. It's boring a low-cost movie
10,It's a really good movie. Well-made itself
10,Don't give up today for tomorrow
9,It's the best. I can't believe the time is passing and I'm watching until the end! Recommendation!
10,The best acting made perfect for the best story.
10,The last Christian Bale act was awfulThe movie was two and a half hours long. I was surprised to see the watch
10,I'm willing to watch it twice It's so much fun
2,You've got a hell of an ending--
8,It's fun. It's worth watching It's fun.
9,Two and a half hours passed so quickly!Please go to the movie theater and watch it
10,The engine exhaust and the transmission are still shaking my heart You're the best!
8,It's a realistic racing production that makes your hands sweat all the time. 7000RPM!
10,Who are you? It's a question that pursues the essence of movies the most. an independent film disguised as a commercial film.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's so much funYour acting skills are the best
10,Why do I see Jung Woo Sung in Christian Vale?
10,I get goosebumps just by listening to the sound.It's a movie worth going to many times.My favorite movie came out after a long time. It's simply amazing.
10,A movie that makes your heart race. Good acting. Good story. Good fun
10,The perfect movie. movie fee? 12000? I think I should get more. My hands are sweaty and hot when I watch a movie. My favorite movie. Make sure to watch it's a must.
10,The hottest movie of my life than the movie released this year. The movie that I can enjoy even if I am not interested in racing
9,Car action is also action... I want to show it to the suit executives
10,It's like I'm a racer in a row of actors who don't get bored
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,The production is amazing. The gears are manual
10,the best movie that makes one's hands sweat
10,The acting is amazing. How did you film it?
10,I'm sick of it in many ways. Hollywood movies have come to life!
10,It's been a while since I was into it
10,It's a movie. I should watch it again later
10,Two main characters' breathtaking fighting action scene
10,I loved the overall beauty of the video.
10,I was surprised again that the running time was 2 hours and 32 minutes. I'm amazed by the time-losing directing skills.
10,I didn't know it was 2 hours and a half and I was mesmerizedIt's so much fun. Actors are so good at acting
10,Bale Met Damon...  the best performance
8,I felt so hot 감동 It was touchingI recommend you watch it at the sound theater
10,I got goosebumps. The best!
10,Watch it at the theater no matter what!
10,The actors' acting and the video quality were great
9,It was a relief that I watched it in 4DX
10,Two hours and 40 minutes went by so quickly. It's a good movie.
10,The only problem with this movie is that it was released like Frozen 2
8,It's interesting to see the classic Ford Shelby birth movie from Pawnbrokers
10,Henry Ford II was terrified
10,It's about the legendary American sports car Shelby Cobra.The world's best cars have broken the ice cream
8,True friendship between two men. The thrill of the world of competition. Immersion. Good!   Actors' acting skills are good!  Seriously cool ^^
10,A movie that can give a rating of 10 even if you don't know anything about cars.I'm glad I didn't miss this movie.
10,It's so fun. (Is it because I like cars?
10,I didn't even realize two and a half hours passed
10,I should watch the movie of my life again
10,It was really good. It's not boring
10,The exhaust sound and the directing make my heart pound
10,The sound of engine RPM going up throughout the movie makes my heart pound
10,It's the best. I enjoyed watching it without knowing how time went by.
10,Do you want to see me win Hyundai Le Mans before I die?
10,Life is about self-satisfaction
10,2 and a half hours went by so fast and I can't be bored I definitely want to recommend it
10,Why isn't there anyone who saw this? It's so much fun
10,I saw it at the MX government office. It's the best. I am sorry that I am not interested because of Frozen. Going to see more at 4DX tomorrow.
8,How do you say hello?
10,I enjoyed the movie^^
10,Matt Damon is really good at acting like he's chewing gum.
10,It's been a while since I watched a thrilling and fun movie
10,Please watch a movie like this in the theater.
10,It's the best movie of the year.
9,That's how Ferrari and Ford are located. Applause for Christian Bale's acting
10,This is crazy. It's my favorite movie
10,It was so much fun. I fell in love with the speed of time
10,I really wanted to slap Ford on the nose. It was the best. I like both of them so much that I am moved
10,It's so much funI really want to beat John the vice president
10,Hello. Met Damon
10,Why American cars can't beat Italian cars
9,The expectations were just too high and it was fun!
7,Watching a car racing movie.  I was sleepy. Let's be more careful about choosing a genre.  The rating of Lotte Cinema is also useless.
10,This is a movie. We can't pick a movie like this in Korea
10,The movie of my life... I was Ken Miles the whole time
10,1 million out of 10
10,The movie of my life. The movie of a man.
10,The best moving piece of the year!^^
10,Bale beat the Joker this year.
10,a thrilling film I lost track of time
10,Korean movies have something that you can't keep up with.
10,I lost track of time and watched it! You're the best!
10,Sometimes it is necessary to live at a pace with others. Even if he can't get out of the car... Well-made Hollywood movie that I haven't seen in a while. I lost track of time because it was so fun. I recommend watching it on 4dx
10,I have to watch it in the theater because of the exhaust sound. This is how you make a hit-and-
10,My heart is pounding like an engine!
10,I lost track of time I recommend that you feel like your hair is all over your body for the last hour
10,It's so much fun
9,This is what a movie is like. There is no time to be bored throughout the 150-minute running time. A must-see movie in the theater. Damon and Bale's perfect performance is a bonus.
8,It felt more real because it was real
10,Blood-boiling masterpiece made by troubled children with broken brakes
10,The importance of brakes...
10,This kind of movie is a masterpiece. I was really satisfied after a long time.
8,It's not too much. I loved the hyperrealistic story
10,Watch Dolby Atmos. The sound is amazing
10,It's so fun to be immersed in the most Strongly recommend
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.
10,It's such a good movie that I'm going to give you a rating.
10,Great acting and directing! Even those who don't know Le Mans 24 can enjoy it
10,A movie that I was mesmerized by! I got goosebumps
9,A movie that makes a man's blood boil with the sound of a rough engine. Matt Damon x Christian Vale
10,I was touched I met a Ferrari designer a few days ago and I was glad It would be terrible if Ferrari were taken over by Ford I was amazed by the actors' acting skills and cried I watched a good movie after a long time ~
10,It felt like I was stepping on the brake when I was racing
10,The two most fun movies of 2019 are Joker and Ford v Ferrari. I enjoyed them so much. Hollywood movies are the answer
10,Lee Iacocca... I said I'm used to it.I was gonna be Chrysler president.
10,a movie that lost track of time
10,It's more touching...
10,The best... Well-made movie that's full of excitement
10,It's been a while since I had a really good time. Ken Shirley is awesome. I think I can still hear the engine sound. It's the best
10,You're the best. You're the best. You're full of swag
10,This is really... the second rating I have in my life
10,Um Junsik's chin bra is very strict
10,King Wang Chan is fun. I felt a lot of things
10,Among the movies I saw this year...I'm in the top three. As immersive as a parasite.The genre is perfect for my taste...
10,Guys like the vice president are in every company.
10,My life piece hidden in "Frozen"
10,Heart: Runs crazily above 7000 RPM
10,I checked the duration. It's too bad it's over.
8,The villain who was inside.
10,A movie that doesn't need words. What words do you need?
2,It's so much fun
2,It's so much fun
10,It's worth the credit!
10,I'm going to watch it again in 4D
10,It smells like oil. It smells like burning rubber. I can't say anything else.
10,Joker and Two Top Movies of the Year!!!
10,My heart is pounding all the time I see it.
7,The power of the Ford GT40 has been transferred to the screen so that you can feel the power
9,I enjoyed watching it.
10,There's nothing to say Just go and seeReally
10,I lost track of time and watched it
10,It feels like I'm racing like a real person. I'm a fool if I don't watch "The Thrilling
10,Just buy a Ferrari
10,Well-made traditional movie... His acting skills and sense of reality are overwhelming.A movie to watch on a big screen. What do humans live by? It's a movie that makes me check it out. I strongly recommend it^^
10,Well-made traditional movie... His acting skills and sense of reality are overwhelming.A movie to watch on a big screen. What do humans live by? It's a movie that makes me check it out. I strongly recommend it^^
10,Well-made traditional movie... His acting skills and sense of reality are overwhelming.A movie to watch on a big screen. What do humans live by? It's a movie that makes me check it out. I strongly recommend it^^
10,Well-made traditional movie... His acting skills and sense of reality are overwhelming.A movie to watch on a big screen. What do humans live by? It's a movie that makes me check it out. I strongly recommend it^^
10,We really need to increase the number of theatersIt's the best movie of 2019
10,We really need to increase the number of theatersIt's the best movie of 2019
8,We really need to increase the number of theatersIt's the best movie of 2019
10,It's a movie that makes your heart warm with the sound of the engine. It's not a waste to give 10 stars
10,Watch it in 4dx no matter what. There's no movie that's this good
8,It's a good movie to enjoy even if you don't necessarily like cars. It was thrilling and cool the whole time I watched it!
10,It's been a while since a really fun movie came out
10,It's been a long time since I got excited watching a movie. Two and a half hours passed in a flash.
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year.
10,I dozed off in the front and woke up in the second half
10,It was so much fun! I miss you again Haha
10,It's a lot of fun~Being pleased
10,A movie that never gets boring despite its long running time.
10,Definitely the best movie I've seen in recent years!
10,Do I need to say something? It's going to be watched multiple times
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,It's the first rating I've ever had in my life. I still have lingering feelings.Best Movie of the Year
10,♥♥♥♥ Make sure to watch it ♥♥♥♥
10,Fun... Man's movie
10,It's more touching because it's a true storyMake sure you watch it. Your acting is great
10,Conclusion: The company Ford is bad company
10,You'll regret it if you don't watch it. truth
10,That's the best movie I've ever seen Acting is definitely a two-time actor who doesn't need words
10,It was so much fun. It was more touching because it was a true story
10,It was so nice to see this true story in a movie.I salute Carol Shelby and Ken Miles.
8,My heart is pounding.
10,Human story action. Nothing's missing
10,Awesome. I recommend it. Best movie I've seen this year
9,It's hard to breathe for an hour after the movie. This is how the movie after Ben-Hur is made. It feels like after a long timeLet's see. At the theater. At the MX Hall. (A guy in his 40s)
9,I'm not interested in car racing at all I trusted Matt Damon and watched it.Wow! Awesome! I was thrilled and enjoyed watching the movieThe sound of it still lingers in my ears. It's so much fun!
10,I can't believe it. He kept the movie line of the year so well
10,I lost track of time. This is real.
8,It's just fun
8,It was really good. Recommend.
10,Real John 5 or funny old heart beats at 7000 rpm.
10,It's very Cho A Yeon and it's so much fun
10,I highly recommend a great movie that's not enough to give 20 stars
9,The coolest movie I've seen this year
10,Two and a half hours were all tense moments.
10,I didn't know what it was about but I just watched the actors and I really enjoyed it I lost track of time and focused
10,It was fun even when the lady who doesn't know Cha looked at it. The last sound of the engine made me feel at ease.
10,I miss you again. Should I go watch the late night?
10,I was watching it while holding my breath. I was tired of showing the RPM section.
10,Run on capitalism
10,There's no need for words It's the best.
10,This makes me want to drive
10,The two people who walk in reverse as if nothing happened to the audience running towards first place
10,The actors' acting skills were crazy. The directing was crazy. It was amazing
9,The actors show their own characteristics and time passes in an instant.I lost track of time = masterpiece
10,+7000 It was thrilling^^
7,It's so calm
10,A movie that makes you want to go around the track.It's the most satisfying movie I've seen recently
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.Watch it on IMAX
10,Christian Bale's acting without words and realistic racing scenes. It was a movie with nothing to be desired!
10,Fun and time flies
10,A movie that will cure your turtle neck...It's a movie that makes you want to drive!
10,You're crazy. You're crazy
10,You're crazy. You're crazy
10,You're crazy. You're crazy
8,I'll watch it one more time before I get off
10,A really fun and refreshing movie in a long time!
10,A movie that people who like cars and those who are not interested will enjoy watching
10,It's fun the more I watch it. I really recommend it
10,Leo is going to hit Bibi's nose...
10,It's one of the top five masterpieces in 2019.
10,The most interesting movie in the second half of the year
8,The chemistry between Met Damon and Christian Bale was good.
10,A well-made car movie!
10,Real men's movie! But my wife was sleeping next to me.
10,I really enjoyed it Make sure to watch it. You'll regret it if you didn't watch it
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movie
10,Anger Run? Poop tells us how the movie has ruined the rage run.L
10,2 hours and 30 minutes passed in an instant.
10,It's my life's work. It's very well made.
10,I enjoyed it more than I expected. Two and a half hours isn't boring at all.
10,The most impressive movie I've seen this year
10,A movie that makes you hate Ford after washing Ford at first
10,I dare say it's the best movie I've seen this year. Christian Bale's crazy performance leads me to the GT430 at 320 kilometers per hour
10,It's really funI got emotional
10,My wife hit me in the back of the head while I was running at 7000 rpm on my way home
10,I hate American Ford. The smell of American business. Ferrari president is awesome!!!!  I don't want to buy a Ford
10,Best action. 2 hours and 30 minutes feels very short.
10,I had a great time watching a movie that I really want to watch
10,It's a movie that makes your hands sweat when you're just watching
10,It was the best movie of the year.
10,I think I know why Ferrari is better than Ford at this point. There is nothing lacking in directing and acting skills.
10,You can't express this movie in just a few letters
10,It's fun. The two main characters are good at acting. I didn't know the long running time was going^^
10,I almost drove too fast after the movie
10,When speed meets vintage. Best output from analog movies.
8,"Spring with sweat in your hands" 2 points off because of the meaningless ending
10,I highly recommend a super fun movie that satisfies both actor story and video
8,My heart is still pounding It's fun.
10,I really recommend it...I wanted to pay more for acting and directing
10,There's just no need for words. Two and a half hours really flew by.
10,Best movie I've seen this year.
10,The running time is 152 minutes
10,It's worth watching just the actors' acting!!!
9,It would be nice if all the poor Korean movies were put down and only this and Frozen 2 were shown.I wish I could watch a lot of movies like this without loopholes. Christian's detailed acting is really good
10,7000rpm.I'm happy.Christian Bale.
9,a movie that captures a part of one's life
10,Awesome movie. Make sure you watch it
10,No time to be bored even for a long time
8,It's so much fun. I didn't know the time was passing The emotional change in the last race. Acting. Goosebumps
10,I didn't expect much but I was touched. I didn't even know the running time was 2:30. It's one of the best movies I've seen this year.
10,I'll watch it again at the theater. No new faction.
10,There's no need for words It feels like I watched a movie after a long time
10,It's my first Naver movie review You should watch this at the theater
10,I saw it at the premiere. It's just awesome
10,This is the movie. Over two hours of running time goes by as fast as the speed of a sports car.
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year
10,I watched it with my elementary school kids. It was so much fun. Touched and thrilled
10,My heart pounded the whole time I watched.
9,It is a movie that makes you feel the heat and bring you to life when you do what you like.
10,It's funny how Ford cries
10,Christian Vale and Met Damon's performances are up
9,It was more fun because it was a movie worth paying ^^ real story
10,I met the best movie of 2019 at the end of 2019 and I want to think about it again
10,I got goosebumps the whole time I was watching...
8,I watched a movie that you have to watch in 4dx
10,I almost fastened my seat belt.
2,I think I yawned more than five times with my girlfriend.What if you're not a big fan of Bale and Met Damon?A movie that makes me yawn a lot.
10,One of the few movies that gave me passion and motivation again. I thought I would enjoy watching it again.
10,Seven Battle RPM!
9,The storyline was perfect and Christian Bale's acting was amazing
10,I watched the perfect rap somewhere far away.
10,I thought it was 152 minutes after I finished watching the movie. 7000 RPM fluctuates in my mind.
10,My heart is beating at 7000 rpm
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
8,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
8,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I watched it twice. Make sure to watch it on the big screen with good sound. It'll be even more interesting if you search Le Mans 24 and Ford GT40 before you watch it.
10,"Fan ID" recommended this year's movie
10,It's the best movie in racing I strongly recommend screenX I'm so immersed in the racing scene
10,Can I see Korean cars win Le Mans 24 before I die?
10,Must be the best movie of my life.It's been a long time since I saw a movie like this and stepped on the accelerator
10,Although the movie time is long. Feel time is as fast as Miles' 7000 rpm
10,One more thing added to my life movie.
10,Seven-Ta-Woo-Jeond R.P.M
8,I don't need to say anything. I just clenched my fist while watching. Good
9,an immaculate film
10,Definitely the best movie of the year.
9,a pretty good movie Famous lines: Hello
10,It's a movie that recommends speeding. But it's so much fun
10,Why is the score so low? It should be 9.7 out of 10
10,This movie is real...
10,A friend who believes in him has a family.There's something pure in the world that you really like.I was so touched when I entered the movie theater thinking about the car movie.
9,Saw a great performance on Christian Vale. It's too bad that I went to the bathroom in the middle because it was cold while drinking water with popcorn. It's a bummer to see the ending. The reality is more like a movie.
10,Christian Vale... It was the best movie. Amazing acting. I'm just thankful
10,Best movie of the year. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood and Joker made this year shine.
10,The exhaust sound that rings the heart of the 427 V8 engine. That alone lacks five stars.
10,There's a good reason to give 10 points for being immersed
10,Best movie I've seen this year!
10,Go to 4D no matter whatlol
10,The brain cells are standing tight. It's the best!
10,It's been a while since I watched it with sweat on my hands
10,The best movie of 2019
9,I wonder how much my heart beats when I go to see racing. It's this much even if I watch it in the theater
10,A movie that reminds me of how happy life is to be able to do what I want to do
10,Why did I watch this in 2D?  I'm regretting it. I should watch it again on ARMY or 4DX Pew
10,I didn't expect much but I really enjoyed it. There's nothing missing from the acting and directing story
10,A movie that races for 150 minutes... A movie that makes me want to listen to See you again.
10,Very few people find out what to do and commit to it.
10,The sound of an engine that makes a man's heart beat
10,The number one movie I've seen in theaters this year! I hope everyone watches it!
10,I think I've never seen such a tense movie in three hours.Make sure to watch it at the movie theater.No other sound is required due to exhaust sound.It's a masterpiece of men's lives.
10,Just put on your "life's work" diaper in three letters. You lose in no time
10,This is racing
8,The sound of the engine fills the OST
10,It is one of the top three movies in 2019. Trust me
10,She's the best woman in this year's movie. I really enjoyed it. I loved it
9,A man can't help but ride in a fancy car called this movie. The last great movie of the year!Pyeongsik gave me 7 points. Trust me
10,I felt like I was running 24 hours from work to the track
10,Best movie of the year!!!
10,You have to watch it no matter what. It's so fun. Good good
10,A movie for car lovers. I think the action sequence of the race is the best
10,I watched it in 4dx and time flew!
8,Should have taken out the whole family and done it for two hours
10,The movie is a thrill for those who know the overwhelming heart of success that they achieve by pushing themselves to the limit and making near-intense efforts.
10,I've never seen a watch in a movie theater. 152 minutes passed by
10,I was the only movie I've seen this year that I didn't feel sorry for any money. I think people who do what they want to do are really happy Like Miley
10,Everything was fine I'm a 31-year-old reservist with a Type 2 normal license
10,The racing scene is so immersive. I slept because I was bored in the beginning
10,Christian Vale... The look in one's eye
10,I watched it in 4D. It's a thrilling race. It's refreshing
10,This is a real movie...
10,One of the top three movies I've seen this year
10,I hope to see top 3 movies in theaters this year. I almost regretted it
9,My heart beats at 7000 RPM throughout the movie.
1,It's a waste of no fun money.  Even the people I've seen with are noisy and distracted -- your grade should be trusted
10,Even foreigners say hello when they say hello
10,The best movie of 2019...
10,It's a waste that I'm about 10 minutes late for work.Throughout the long running time.I can't get rid of the tension.Haha
10,a tearful and suffocating feeling
8,A proper reenactment of the '50s Le Mans: The Friendship of Ken Malls and Carol Shelby.a challenge to the best Love for family. It's a movie about men's hot asphalt race and everything
10,a heart that speeds up as fast as it can
10,A movie that's never boring during a long running time. It's been a while since I was immersed in the movie. Seeing these two actors on one screen is meaningful in itself and the actors' acting chemistry is the best.
10,I have nothing to say but amazing
10,The title is not valid. Ford vs Ford is the correct title. But the battle with Ferrari is too short
10,Action thrill. I got three!
10,It's fun. The chemistry between the main characters is good. It's not boring until the end
10,Christian Bale's eyes after the last game.Tell me everything. Why is Met Damon so cool?
8,One of the most interesting movies released this year. I really enjoyed watching it. 2 hours and 32 minutes of running time went by so fast
10,I really enjoyed watching it. Will there be another movie like this? It's not going to be easy
10,This is a movie. My heart was pounding while watching a movie this year
10,I hope you can all go crazy with this amazing racing feast
10,2 hours and 30 minutes. 2 minutes and 30 seconds
10,Henry Ford II was a businessman and Enzo Ferrari was a passionate man. Encho's last greeting as Pete was a tribute to Ken and a tribute to him.
10,Moderate tension Humor Joy Fury Sadness Sadness So funny
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year
10,I saw a movie that made my hands sweat after a long time
10,It was a movie that made my heart race
10,You're the best.This is fun.
10,It's amazing that it's based on a true story
10,It was so much fun that I wanted to stop time passing
10,Matt and Chris meet. Awesome
10,I saw today that there has never been such a tense car racing since the Fast and Furious series.I felt like I was driving as Ken.
10,Watch it twice. It's going to be your life movie!
10,It was a great movie that satisfied my expectations 100%
10,a thrilling movie
10,Watch and learn the hit class.
10,I can't express my life movie in words.
10,The music and video did not give me a chance to be bored throughout the movie.It was the best movie ever.
10,It is my first time to leave a movie review. That's crazy.
10,Best Film - In Honor of Ken Miles
10,150 minutes went by so quickly. His acting is so cool
10,It's my favorite movie of 2019.
10,It's my first time getting a rating after watching a movie. Time flies
10,It's a movie that you have to watch in a theater where you can feel the big screen and loud sound
10,I love Christian Bale's acting
10,I watched the best movie this year
10,I can't forget the sound of the engine
9,I can't forget the sound of the engine
10,I lost track of time
10,I didn't expect much but it was so good. The exhaust sound that hits the heart. I've never been able to step on 7000 rpm. Make sure you watch it on IMAX.
10,100 points for movies and 0 points for translation.
10,A movie that doesn't make you boredom
10,It's crazy. It's just crazy. Wow
10,Acting and speed... What's the point of saying it?
10,It's going to be one of the top movies of the year
10,You must watch this movie in the theater!
10,152 minutes passed like a scene in a movie. It's a movie that relieves stress and relieves you by watching Ford Ferrari. I strongly recommend this movie. Be sure to watch it
10,a film as good as Ken's car
10,I really lost track of time for 2 hours and 30 minutes.
10,I lost track of time^^
10,I was so immersed that I didn't know how the 2 hours and 30 minutes of running time went by
10,I might have exaggerated to impress you without knowing it's a true story.What do you mean it's real?It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
6,I can't believe I'm filming with Matt Damon and Christian Bale.
10,This year's fun movie is "Frozen Volba"
10,The passionate acting of the two actors and the exciting engine sound... a true masterpiece
10,There's a row of little fun
10,This is real. Ha ha.It's fun
10,The Ford GT in the cabinet howls at 7000 RPM. Step on it! Step on it! ^^
10,Be sure to watch it in a theater with sound.
10,I want to buy a Mustang.It's a great movie
10,The sound is also very attractive!
10,I'm so touched.You don't need to say anything. You have to watch it
10,I enjoyed it more because it was a true story
10,I watched it nervously the whole time!It's so much fun
10,Racing scene. Heart beating
10,People who do what they love in the world are very lucky. Because I can live without working all my life.
10,The story is very solid. I thought my heart was going to explode in the racing scene.
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most in 2019
10,2 hour engine asmr
10,It's the best movie of the year. I felt a deep emotion that touched my heart.
10,It's a real story of real emotion. It's the best
10,The tension and thrill is the best!
10,car-lovinga must-see movie
9,I was able to watch it more immersed because of the engine sound that makes my heart beat and the overwhelming acting skills of the actors.
8,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie with good visuals and colors
10,A movie that I really focused on
10,The story was fun and the acting was great!
10,The touching moments of a true story... I can't put into words
6,FORD v FERRARI
10,Christian's expression... It's worth watching alone. Throw the idea that it's a racing movie in the trash can...!
10,It's so much fun!
10,Let's leave the car behind. Vroom vroom
10,Racing and sensitivity are proportional
10,The tension and excitement are the best. I recommend IMAX You'll get drunk on the exhaust sound
10,I enjoyed watching it even though I wasn't interested in cars and racingI'm so immersed in racing. 3 hours flew by!
10,The chemistry between Matt Damon and Christian Bale stands out!
10,I lost track of time and watched it
10,It's a movie that I watched while my heart was beating
10,It was really fun to learn about the timesThe actors' acting was great and the visuals were greatI'll have to watch it again on IMAX again
8,My heart is pounding You are out of your mind.
10,It was a fantasy in 4D I want to make it a world where people like Miles can succeed no matter what Get the hell out of here
10,We met a movie no regret on the ebb and flow.
10,They say movies are good. Too bad the number of theaters is too small
10,It is a ' well-made ' ...Masterpiece.
10,Applause for Vale God's acting!
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most in the second half of this year
10,It's the best. It's so fun and touching.
10,It was so thrilling and fun
10,Racing movie for car fans!
10,A movie that only Ford and Ferrari can enjoy
1,I'm going to do this on the Volva
10,I lost track of time and watched it with nervousnessRecommend.
10,My heart is pounding with the engine sound
10,It was fun. My heart was pounding while watching it go up.
10,The fastest 150 minutes of my life
10,The fan chant sound of the engine is just amazing! Batman can be seen acting with James Vaughan with Captain America's shield
6,Batman and Dr. Mann have a war of nerves
10,I watched it twice because it was so fun. It's the best I've seen this year
10,It was a really touching movie for Ford.  I'm going to the end of my mental goal that doesn't give up
10,It's a real movie
10,Go! The best movie of 2019
10,I still can't forget Bale's happy face as he raced for the last time.
10,It's the best this year. Not only the eyes to see but also the emotions
10,I must have lost track of time.LOL
10,Best movie of the year! I don't know if it's because I saw it through ARMY
10,A movie that I want to keep later
10,My heart was pounding so hard when I was going back and forth. I enjoyed watching it so much that I lost track of time
10,I want to live with this passion
10,The best... I recommend you to watch it
10,It's really the best. There's no need for words.
10,Quite a long time not boring at all The most interesting experience I've seen recently I personally recommend 4D
10,Watch 4DX for 7000 RPM experience.
10,This is a movie
10,I managed to resist the urge to step on the accelerator and turn the rpm3000 in the car on my way home... one of the few movies I watched with nervousness that made my hands sweat!! It's so much fun!
10,I'm losing track of time.It's not that long at all. 2 hours and a half hours!
10,It's crazy. It's got all the excitement and emotion
9,My heart went crazy for 150 minutes!
10,Korean movie kids are shouting screen quota after watching this kind of movie
10,Oh my! You have to see this!
10,I had a lot of fun!
10,Hello ^^ For a moment I doubted my head All of a sudden?
10,A movie that awakens the instinct of racing
10,The best movie of 2019! Crazy acting and crazy immersion! Watch 4dx!
10,All my hair was sticking out throughout the movie
10,SEVENTEEN fighting against Alphweb. SEVENTEEN fighting against Alphweb
10,It's a movie that makes your hands sweat even though you don't know cars. The best scene was the final performance caption. That was a great driver.
10,It was fun. The sound was so powerful. It felt like I was in racing
10,S.F.Bun fighting. J.D. Alfuwem
10,It's fun even though I looked forward to it.
10,A movie where you can enjoy the liveliness of driving yourself and the American atmosphere of the 1960s
10,[Watching] The sound of the engine that rings the heart of the 子의. Definitely the best movie I've seen this year!I should go see it again.
8,7000 RPM of electric shock.  The two actors' acting skills are enough to watch!
10,It's a man's movie. Make sure you watch it. My heart is racing.
10,The explosive engine noise and Christian Bale's acting are superb!
10,It's so much fun. I didn't know the time went by and watched it
10,Pyeongsik gave me 7 points or not Real
10,My best movie ever. The sound of a heart-breaking engine. Who are you?
10,It's my first time rating a movie.This movie is just crazy.
9,I'll give you 9 points without looking. I'll watch it this weekend and post it again!
10,But I want to ride a Mustang!
10,I hope you don't make a mistake while watching "Frozen".
10,I really want to see this movie again. Crazy acting and everything was perfect. This movie exceeded my expectations.
10,Met Damon's Korean. Hello. Anyone who knows the truth?
10,I've lost track of time.
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,My favorite movie of the year... I want to watch spring again
10,My favorite movie of the year... I want to watch spring again
10,The Essence of Automobile Racing Movies
10,It's still funny to think about Ford when he cries
10,It's fun. Spring. I'm going to look for it later
10,I strongly recommend Wandak for those who like tea
10,Veil is the best! It's been a while since I saw it
10,IMAX>>>>Non-IMAX
10,You have to watch it at the movie theater I can't help but give you 10 points
10,I didn't have any expectations. What's with this directing and acting? Best movie I've seen in years! A movie that won't fall behind in "Frozen 2."
10,a film that realizes ideals and reality on the screen
10,I watched it with my girlfriend and I was satisfied with it
10,This movie is perfect rap.
10,Christian Vale! I'm even angrier because it's a true story. I was so immersed.
10,It's the best racing movie
10,This is a movie. Korean movies can't be made like this
10,Christian Bale's acting is crazy a package package
10,Make sure to watch a big fun movie
10,I will watch the best movie of my life three times.
10,Two and a half hours were not boring at all and I focused on it.It's a good movie to watch with children.
10,I recommend Ford Ferrari if it's fun. I don't recommend Frozen if it's fun
10,It's much better than Frozen. I can still hear the engine.
10,A background that makes you dream of simplicity and fantasy without exaggeration.
10,There's no need for words. It's the best ever
9,ENGENE's sound is amazing
10,Acting that I really didn't know it was acting! I can't explain it in words!
10,Christian Bale's acting was like this. It's the best
10,It's so good. The thrilling tension and acting skills are amazing
10,It's super fun. Please watch it on Screen X or PODI X
10,a movie full of eggs
10,It shoots up quickly like light in all directions without missing parts like an elaborate engine.
10,I don't need words. It's my first time in my life
8,Is there anyone who came out as Fiat president?
10,It was a movie that would never be lonely even if I watched it alone
10,It's been a while since I watched a memorable movie.It's so much fun
10,It was one of the top 3 movies in my life.
6,Why is he here?
10,I've watched all the movies that make me want to do it again
10,It's equivalent to the Avengers End Game Make sure you watch it
10,an incoherent film It was impressive.
10,Met Damon feels joy when he snatches GT40 from the airport
8,A male melodrama that the two actors evaluate
10,Do you like cars? Then watch it no matter what. I have no regrets!
9,My heart is beating. Watch it at the movie theater
8,Car and Dream and Challenge!  Bo was happy the whole time. HAPPY!
10,It was perfect until the end of the movie story that made the man's Adranelin go wild
10,The strong friendship between the two men?Weave it into conviction.It's even more surprising because it's a true story^^ One of life's movies
10,The stress in the car racing scene is gone.It's exciting and I strongly recommend it.
10,It's fun. It's well-made.
10,We live to 7000 rpm. What was there?
10,I lost track of time. The story is solid and the acting is great!
10,I didn't know it was going for 2 hours and a half and I really enjoyed it
10,It's the best. I cried after watching it
10,I just saw it. It's so funny. It's crazy
10,Christian Bale's performance was ecstatic and salutes his performance
10,I really lost track of time Haha
10,Run and explode. The pure power of the racing genre.
8,The best track scene since Ben Hur
10,James Godgold
10,The cyber formula that I saw when I was young. Best movie of the year!
10,It's been a long time since the movie was worth the money. It's so much fun.
10,I am tired of the inter-Korean bromance in which the righteous North Korean military cooperates with the South Korean military.This is the friendship of real men
1,I should have just eaten rice soup
10,be a masterpiece of history Myrstine
10,I was so immersed while watching it.It's thrilling and sad
10,I think it's the best movie of the year
10,The best movie! That's awesome. Seriously
10,2019 Movie of the Year
8,Watch it with your friends on the big screen at IMAX.The sound of the engine and the video on the screen are amazing.But I don't recommend it with my girlfriend
10,This is a movie.
10,The best film to be remembered as if released in January 2019.
10,He who has a dream is happy.
10,A real story racing movie that can't keep up with the rage. I also want to find myself at 7000 RPM. Like Ken Miles
10,The movie is a gimmick. It's just an executive acting narrow-minded. Why should the CEO watch it?
1,It's not 9 points. It's a comfortable movie
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most in 2019
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie
10,The acting is the best!I lost track of time and watched it.
10,Actors are so good at acting
10,I think it would have been much more fun than "Frozen"
10,It's really fun.
10,This movie is so good Everything was perfect
10,It's the best movie of the year. Hello!
10,This is the best movie I've ever seen. Just watch it
9,The movie that made my heart race until it was over!
10,You can just watch itHaha
10,Christian Bale and Matt Damon were great
8,Cool-minded pussies turn the world upside down. Top class in car movies
10,I majored in mechanical engineering and had a lot of fun. Other people might be bored
10,This kind of movie is full and domestic movie is full. The movie theater fee should be changed according to the production cost This is so unfair
10,the greatest racing movie of all time
10,Dead pool director is a grave disappointment Logan is more than satisfactory.
10,I was so jealous of your tenacity and passion towards your goal
10,The sound of the engine is so realA well-made movie
10,I enjoyed both the acting and the story
10,What? This movie lasted 2 hours and 30 minutes? I lost track of time in the development and directing of the crowd.
10,I became a fan of Ferrari
8,Good. A good movie after a long time.
10,Perfect balance! Best movie of the year!
10,A movie for car lovers. I strongly recommend it.
9,I don't want to see any of you talking about Pyeongsik. What's that?
10,My hands are sweaty!I'm so sad that there's no IMAX 4D in Jeju Island
10,a well-made racing movie
10,This is how car movies are made!
10,It was a real movie!
10,It was a real movie!
10,This is the best I've seen this year
10,A Korean movie that sees its consumers as a household name and a wonderful movie that beats Hyundai at the same time.
10,I think it's been a long time since I saw a good movie I like the sense of immersion
9,The morning owner is on fire
10,The racing scene is really immersive.
10,It makes your hands sweat from start to finish.
10,150 minutes of running time was the best movie I've seen this year with a solid story that doesn't feel like 150 minutes
10,I really enjoyed watching it!  I liked the solid content without being bored for every minute by second.Almost 3 hours is like watching a short drama for about an hour.
10,the fruit of passion and perseverance
10,A must-see movie for car enthusiasts!
10,The sound and speed of the car! Mise-en-scene that unfolds in the screen! A human drama based on a true story! European values versus American values! Why big companies thrive and go bust! Conflict between corporate value and individual value! All of this was captured in one movie.
10,Christian Bale Matt Damon's acting combination is the best!!!
8,Hello? The captions and pronunciation were "hello."
10,The movie is very moving because it is based on a true story
10,Time flew... It was so much funHaha
10,It's a great movie
10,an awesome movie I can't believe the car race is so exciting. RIP Ken Miles...
10,The car action was just so worth watching!
10,Even people who are not interested in cars can't help but get excited when they watch this movie
8,Hello!
8,It feels like I saw a racing car
10,Life movie... Two actors you can trust and watch
8,I went to see Met Damon.Get drunk on a Batman drive.Christian Bale's acting is amazing.My heart is pounding at the sound of the car's engine.A man's movie...The end
8,Who am I?People who have gone all the way to every field will say that tomorrow
10,It was thrilling and exciting
10,It was a movie that made my hands sweat
10,I'm going to watch it with a Mustang today!
10,We'll meet at 7000 RPM
10,150 minutes was such a short time
10,Stress relieved.  an unparalleled piece of work that cannot be compared with Korean films
9,I really enjoyed watching it. The best movie ever!
10,This guy's movie is really good lol you guys who are less than 80kg
10,I was amazed at the last three-port and appalled to see the two-and-a-half hours that went by in the blink of an eye.
9,You have to go crazy to go crazy.It reminds me of the phrase. A crazy true story has become a myth!
10,It was so touching I think it's been a while since I saw a movie that lingers
10,Get down the stupid Frozen theater and increase the number of movies like this.There's not even a theater.
9,7000rpm... I'll meet you right there. It really looks like an ant. a perfect movie
10,Learn life from a movie.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie
8,Updy is the only drama that's hardworking and steering
8,It's fun! Christian Vale's wife was so cheesy
10,I think it's the movie of the year Nth reservation and Christian Bale's British accent is really disgusting and not only acting but also becoming a real person
10,I think it's the best racing movie.I think I'm nervous all the time I'm watching this is the first time
10,It's one of the best movies in my 19 years of life Hah!
8,a straightforwardly shoving film
10,Everything's perfect.k.a. movie.
10,A movie that explains why a place called a theater exists for the medium of a movie.
10,I've been waiting for it to be released It's worth watching!The car racing scene is the best!  I can't help but get into character
10,I was doing vroom vroom vroom and my heart was all dead!
8,There were scenes where you had to watch with your fists clenched.
10,a trick that even made Batman cringe
6,It was just something to watch.Movies!
10,The actors' acting and car racing scenes made my heart race
10,The last racing scene was so thrilling! Make sure to watch it
10,Watch it on the Good Good X-Screen!
10,Time flies! I really enjoyed watching it~~~
10,It's really thrilling. I can still hear the engine.Haha
10,I lost track of time and watched it. Both Christian Bale and Met Damon are good enough to be nominated for best actor Oscar
10,It was the most interesting movie I watched this year. I almost got into an accident while driving
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun. He's so good at acting
10,The most interesting movie I've seen this year
10,It was impressive.
10,Ford's harsh exploitation of the workforce.
10,A movie that anyone who likes cars would like. So much fun!
10,I heard my heart beat in the movie theater.
10,It's a movie that shows life and race life at the same time
10,This is amazing. I can't take my eyes off this movie for a second. The directing and acting are all the best
8,That's a relief. I watched the last movie this year
10,It's a movie that makes your heart beat. It's a waste to be buried in Frozen
10,I watched it so much that I lost track of time.It's a movie that makes me feel like I'm watching a life story of a racer and a mechanic.
10,The last scene of Le Mans 24 is really immersive. The best movie of the year came out
10,Watch it twice. Watch it three times
10,It's really fun. You have to watch it
9,You showed the essence of friendship.
10,One of the best movies of the year.
8,I appreciate human will to challenge the impossible. The driving force of the American people shines in a spirit of challenge beyond death.
10,It's so much fun! Top
10,My heart is hot. Keep your chest warm heart.
10,I lost track of time. This is a movie
10,But I will buy Ferrari...
10,It was the best movie ever. I definitely recommend watching it in the theater.
10,So much fun. So much fun. So much fun
10,I'm going to watch a movie and sign a Ford Mustang contract
10,I lost track of time The best sense of immersion
10,I had fun. I watched the first 20 minutes with concentration except for boring things
10,It's so much fun! I felt like I was on a ride and came down with adrenaline explosion
10,See you later at home. The cross-section of this society is melted as it is. I'll do the same in the future.
10,Matte Damon sunglasses fit Clearance ;;
10,A movie for a man. The sound of the engine alone makes my heart race
10,I heard it too. But it's amazing
10,It's fun. I feel like I'm in a car with the main character.I don't want any money. I don't want to hear the engine sound.It's no joke
10,Three hours go by so quickly
10,Best movie I've ever seen in 2019
10,I recommend it??-
8,We need more people who know the real winner
10,It's really fun. Time flies. It's like this. Acting and directing are all great
10,The actors' acting and directing are so good
10,A wonderful car-chaining movie that makes your heart pound!!!!
10,It was so thrilling. I enjoyed it I could feel the galloping instinct inside all the men
9,I don't need an OST. It's so much fun
10,It's old and even racing is the best!
9,A racer cries with a car even when he cries.
10,The two-and-a-half hour running time was not boring at all. The actors' acting is also excellent.
10,It's the best movie of the year.It doesn't feel like MSG at all. It's more touching because of the reality of social absurdity as well as action
10,It's so much fun. I want to watch it again
10,It was really fun.It still lingers
10,A true story is more touching
9,Can Met Damon and Christian Bale see the union again because they're human... 9 points without 1 point!
8,I think it's the first time I've ever felt my heart beat just seeing you drive
10,Now the racing scene in this movie will be a sample of every camubi. Watch it at the MX or ARMY theater with good sound I'm going to lose
10,The tension lasts for 150 minutes!
10,It's a movie with perfect story direction and music
10,It's not a Cha-duk. It's a movie that's worth watching Make sure you watch it in places with big screens and good sounds!
10,It's been a while since I enjoyed watching it
10,I'm so nervous! I really enjoyed watching it while clasping my hands and cheering! I'm going to watch it again! Hello! I also doubted my ears when I heard it Is Matt Damon a Korean fan?
10,Don't say anything but watch it
10,Matt Damon and Christian Bale were both awesome and thrilling
10,The tension that makes your hands sweat!!!
10,2.5 hours doesn't feel that long.I didn't expect Bale to look so good in this role.
10,I don't regret watching it from the day it was released. 2 hours and 30 minutes. I have to watch it 2 or 3 times
10,Matt Damon and Bale's acting is over Especially the acting of Christian Veil
10,I hope you watch this year's masterpiece at the theater
10,A manly man movie...My heart is puffed...!
10,The taste of watching the performances of two of the best actors of the present era and the thrilling car racing scenes are amazing.
10,The legendary Ford MK GT40! Can Miles was so cool
10,The movie was better because it was not based on a true story but made the true story the most simple and true story. Legendary Carol Shelby and Lee Iacocca were seen in the movie.
10,Let's give them a round of applause for their passion and friendship
8,I think we should change the title to Ford v. Ford
10,It's more like a real story than a movie. 7000 pills on the way home
10,I can't get rid of the lingering.
10,I really felt catharsis. It's the best. I thought it was an American Pong Ford Pong movie
10,It's the best movie of the yearStanding ovation! Clap! Clap! Clap!I should watch it again on IMAX
10,"Wow!" The heat that came up after the movie... My heart is pounding even now!
10,I lost track of time
10,I looked at the clock at the start of the Le Mans race and it went by an hour
10,The Best Car Chaining Movie!
10,The right laugh point and the engine exhaust sound that makes your heart beat!
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year. I'll go see it one more time.
10,I lost track of time and watched it! I strongly recommend it!
8,a good example of a true-life movie
10,Women don't like it.
10,Make sure to watch "The Best Picture"!
10,It's so much fun. Let's watch it
10,I went crazy on my way home.
10,It's a crazy movie. The best movie of 2019. I strongly recommend it
10,I'd like to sit next to Ken.I was jealous of the son-ram who can ride next to me all the time...!
10,You can check it out at the theater
9,A movie that even people who don't know racing can enjoy
10,A man's movie. Make sure you watch it at the theater
10,Legendary movie. It's the most interesting movie I've seen recently. I don't watch movies and I never left a review. I really enjoyed it
10,There's no time to be bored
10,I like Ford Ferrari I don't like hit and run
10,The sequel is "Morning V Spark."
10,Holy shush. It's so much fun.
10,I called the chairman fat
10,I recommend that you act well and that you don't get bored
10,I watched it more interesting than Frozen 2
10,For the first time. It was the best
10,Best movie that feels 2 hours and 30 minutes short
10,It's crazy. It's crazy It's so much fun to say it's a true story.I want to see it twice. Action crazy.
10,I enjoyed it a lot
10,It's really exciting. Best movie I've seen this year
9,The running time is over 150 minutes. It's been a long time because of the cool action
10,The video and sound were so great that they made me forget all the racing scenes when I first watched the animation "Car" when I was young. I hope everyone who watches this movie will watch it on IMAX. The chair rings like it's in a real sports car.
10,No words needed. Best movie ever
10,I hated Ford after watching this movie.
9,Henry Ford "II". Yes.
10,A movie that car owners must watch
10,I watched it until my hands were sweaty.
10,7.000 rpm..
10,It was fun. The tension was appropriate
10,I'd recommend it to a guy like his heart is pounding
10,I watched it and I want to watch it again
10,I think Ford and Ferrari's perception is worse than they were in the movies
6,You can meet yourself clapping like a seal at some point
10,It's a real presence. My heart beats with the pounding sound
10,It's so much fun I recommend watching it on IMAX
10,Pyeongsik got 7 points. It's a perfect score
10,It is a must-see masterpiece for those who enjoy speed and enjoy racing.  The last line touches my heart Life's racing comes from behind
10,It's just 10 points. It fills up two and a half hours of time.
10,I can't believe it's such a thrilling engine sound
10,I couldn't stop the engine whenever I heard it
10,It's become clear that the "Running the Furious" is a third-rate trashy movie.  This is a really good racing movie!!!
10,A movie that you have to watch in a place with a lot of sound. I recommend MX or 4DX
10,A movie that men must watch. A movie that reminds them of the glorious racer.
6,It's more dramatic than I thought. It would have been better if the main character was FerrariIs it impossible because it's America?
10,The reason Batman doesn't know much about Bat cars
10,What made you want to ride a Ferrari instead of a Ford after watching a movie? Very good at making movies.
10,It's worth watching a car roll around in a museum
10,I'm a person who doesn't leave reviews.
10,I hope you can feel all the shivers you can feel this year It's the best
10,What about me when I reach 7000 rpm? Will that moment come?
10,It's my first time leaving a review without a lie. Watch it. "Even if you don't know anything about Racha" is fun
10,I think I saw a movie like a movie. It's the first movie that I left a review on NAVER. This is what movies are like
10,I remembered the line when Miles came out.Bokdong! It's now!
10,The story is solid and the actors' crazy acting is great  The friendship of friends who trust each other and the wife who sincerely supports her husband are all beautiful. It was interesting to see the contrast between Ford's capitalism and Ferrari's technological prowess
10,The production and music are well harmonized
9,This is a real racing movie
9,It is so much fun. But some people think their car is Ford and Ferrari after watching the movie.And then he goes to the goal...
9,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie!2 hours and 30 minutes running time feels short
10,I came out of the movie and cars were crawling on the road.
10,I have nothing to say. I'm going to be one of my top five masterpieces
10,So he did what he wanted to do at that moment
10,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!Whoo~~)
10,Myles got choked up when he was running so fastI learned why people who do what they want are happy through this movie
10,It's been a while since we saw a moviewith;; and
10,It would have been more fun if I knew Italian. Why didn't you translate Italian?
10,I'm sure that even the commenters in this movie can't keep up.
10,I wish I had 7000 RPM in my life.
10,A movie that hints at why Ferrari is a supercar. Ferrari vs Lamborghini movie would be more fun
10,The long running time was full of excitement and thrills with the speed of no boredom
10,Cut the Frozen theater in half and show more Ford Ferrari It's fun. I hope many of you watched it
10,I watched a movie that was more fun than I thoughtHah!
9,A mature harmony of upright principles and generous acceptance that permeates racing sports
10,I can't believe this movie was 2 hours and 32 minutes long
9,A song of praise for life to a beautifully shining passion. A love letter dedicated to those who ran a great race on the track of life
10,Met Damon V Christian Bale
10,This year's movie is Ford v Ferrari after Joker.
10,Interesting. I want to see more.Recommendations around you
10,I can hear the buzzing sound in my ears are ringing
10,I liked the fact that it was a true story and I enjoyed it with nervousness. It was better because the two actors I liked were the main characters
8,The car scene is just a look.I liked it
10,The engine is screaming. Watch it in the theater
10,Men are American Muscle...
10,There's no need for words. A cool video of a trusted actor
10,It's a movie that's not a waste of money
10,Make sure to watch it! Twice! Twice!
9,Hello? Am I the only one who heard it?
10,2 hours and 30 minutes passed at 7000 RPM
10,Hello. Anyone who remembers?
10,It's a movie with Ferrari as the villain
10,The sound of the engine made my heart beat again. I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time. It's the best!
10,Worker-turned-pronunciation is perfect.
10,This is a movie? This is a masterpiece
10,I'm a huge fan of Christian Vale
10,Matt Damon's final scene speaks for the audience
10,Christian Bale seems to be a god of acting.
10,It's fun.
10,There's no need for words Make sure to watch it^^
10,Wow... It is a movie that made my heart race after a long time.
10,You can feel the right sound only when you watch it in the theater. The acting of the two actors is also great
10,I want to hit Bibi
10,It's a movie that relieves stress
10,It is one of the movies I have seen this year.
9,Even the fantastic combination of Christian Vale and Matt Damon is delightful
10,I was clenching my fist and shaking in the racing scene
10,This movie must be seen in the theater. Praise me for watching early on the opening day.
10,You have to watch it on Screen X!
10,It's a movie with a lot of cinematic fun and touching. The chemistry between the two actors is also touching
10,the best movie of one's life that makes one's heart race
10,I'll meet you there at 7000 rpm.
5,I don't know.It's not as funny as I thought.
8,This year's TOP 3 movies!
10,The fortune teller who Girack reviews is not a movie!!Please ignore Girack's rating!
10,Korean directors should reflect on themselves. That's what movies are about
10,Where do they come from? I want to be that kind of person It's so cool
7,Park Pyeongsik is close to 70 years old. Don't call him Pyeongsik
8,Kim Jong Un sometimes says the right thing. You American capitalist pigs
10,Watch and learn from the wise aristocratic union. Don't just do a demo every day.
10,It feels like we're driving together in a car I was able to get into it too It's nice to watch a long movie after a long time ago
4,I don't know what's what
8,It felt like I was driving on the track with Ken while watching a movie
10,I just saw it and I think it's good that the oldness and calmness of the United States are well seduced
10,A Ferrari killer. Ford GT...
8,Watch and learn the hit class.
9,This is a man's movie.
10,The movie where Batman rides Ford and fights Ferrari. But it's fun
8,I don't need music. Engine sounds and brakes. I lost track of time.
10,Who is Pyeongsik? Why is Pyeongsik a street? He's full of bluffing
10,It's a movie that you can enjoy even if you don't know much about cars
10,I know why he gives 7 points~~
9,It's like Mad Max in racing.
10,I can't believe Pyeongsik gave me 7 points
10,Who is Pyeongsik? Why is Pyeongsik a street? He's full of bluffing
10,It's a movie that you can enjoy even if you don't know much about cars
10,I know why he gives 7 points~~
9,It's like Mad Max in racing.
10,I can't believe Pyeongsik gave me 7 points
10,My tears are blocking my eyes crying
1,A movie that I can't relate to because of Yoon Mihyang
1,A documentary about Yoon Mihyang's anger. A documentary about the Nanjing massacre
1,I can't believe my GPA.
10,Is it Japan or religion that we are fighting? Youngho who suddenly gets dizzy
10,I thought there was a documentary movie like this
10,a main battlefield
10,Darkness cannot beat light I will never forget their pain and anger
10,I think Japan is socialism in a sense
10,Japan's right-leaning situation is really serious
10,Make sure to watch it. Really. Japanese rightists are sociopaths. It's creepy. It's meticulous and scary.  That's absurd. And I really hate to see the Japanese pretend not to know algo.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I've come to think more deeply about the problem. I hope a lot of people can see it.
10,An objective and cool documentary
1,A mixture of truth and fiction is worthless as a documentary. Emotional Leftists or Foolish Human Self-Defense Fiction Familiar with the Taming of Kim Il-sung in the Anti-Japanese and Anti-American States
1,a scent of polished with rice
10,The past... The truth! What kind of mercy is there for the politicians who lead Japan to cover up and lie without trying to be forgiven...Isn't it scary to act and talk like that? How am I supposed to receive all that crime?
10,Best movie ever
1,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryWhy are you selling the scent of Yoon Mi?
10,Thank you to everyone who made the movie and helped produce it! I hope to be known all over the world!
9,A realistic documentary showing the terrifying war drive of Japanese politicians that is going on and that is going to happen... Those who don't admit wrong in the past and try to gain power by war again.
10,I'm sorry to hear that.Let's just shout world wideI feel like I'm rotting inside.
10,It was hard to watch it until the end when it went over half. It's a movie that Koreans can't stand until the end. Because the sounds of Nipongjin's history manipulators were so disgusting and abominable that it was hard to endure and listen to... A movie that I hope will be widely watched by non-Korean foreigners.
1,Jeong Daehyup's bare face was revealed by Lee Yongsoo's revelation
1,Not funny at all right
10,The world needs to see this!
10,Let's be sure to remember.
1,Japanese people have different perspectives.
10,Oh no... Why soup? Why soup...
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problems from the perspective of Japanese Americans.
10,A movie that Korean and Japanese people in the world should watch!
1,Moon Bba's anti-Japanese madness... There's no end to it.
1,That's too much
10,A movie that everyone in the world should watch!
10,Shouldn't movies like this be on public TV? Don't show me a lame entertainment movie...
10,Human rights come before the state.It's like a country.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The reason to cover up the problem was for the rebirth of Japanese imperialism!!!
8,The reality and the movie are both hopeless. Justice for the victims should be set right as soon as possible.
10,It's a must-see movie. I never regret it.
10,A must-see movie for the truth
10,A must-see movie...
10,Let's not forget the history of humiliation
10,I can't believe itI realized once again that Japan has no futureI just want to show it to the Japanese
7,I look forward to Mickey Dezaki's next work.
10,I am ashamed and regret that I learned Japanese The ending of the movie is just goosebumps
10,Applause for doing what we couldn't do
10,It's a movie that native Japanese punks should watch. I can feel what kind of country Japan is. I made it well
9,Let's never turn a blind eye to it and fight it out
10,The Japanese right wing and the Korean self-supporting party are doing the same thing.
10,A film that lists the arguments of both sides and shows how illogical the few are
10,It should be aired instead of 9 o'clock news in Japan.
8,A movie that tells lies to hide them
10,I'm watching this on TV. I hope there's a commercial for this kind of movie on TV
1,This movie has such high ratings for anti-Japanese sentiment
10,I hope it spreads widely
7,The universe is a rock mass
10,I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,Koreans learn "Lie is bad" first
10,I wanted to kill that foreigner all the time.
10,Human rights issues in the world beyond Korea-Japan relations. No Abe
10,Japan... where did that pseudo mentality come from? Now it's kind of creepy
10,The movie that made me feel thankful about how democratic our country is
8,I also saw Korea in the revisionism of Japanese history revisionism  illogical scum that denies the essence of what is and calls one's reasoning and imagination process justice
7,Both sides admit that the Japanese Military Sexual Slaverys made a lot of money at that time. Whether it's free will or not... My daughter told me Japanese Military Sexual Slavery was kidnapped and didn't get any money from sexual slavery. It's a complete lie
1,It's a waste of a point. an anti-Japanese incitement film
10,I made it well.
10,Amazing movie. There were a lot of things I didn't know and the storytelling was perfect.
10,The idea that there are awake people in Japan and my level of knowledge as a Korean was pathetic. Thank you for making a good video Director Mickey Dezaki.
10,It's a good movie I'd like to see the kids at least once
10,Covering the sky with your palm
10,I solved it well in a detailed way
10,a well-made documentary from the perspective of a third party
10,I support some intelligent people with a conscience
10,Miki Dezaki You are a true hero.I respect.
10,This atrocity of Japanese imperialism must be known all over the world.
10,It's cool. It's a movie I want to watch again
10,Why don't you post this on CGV or Megabox?
10,I realize how scary a biased view is. Japan's future looks bleak because of the perspective of its ruling class. I am lucky that I was not born in Japan. I hope the Japanese people have a good sense of history. It's like a dictatorship right now.
10,I'm sorry and sorry for not being a big help as a Korean citizen.
10,I'm so angryTraveling to countries like this and buying goods until Japan disappears!I'm angry!
10,We have to remember.
10,I believe that the day will come when the truth of history is revealed
10,I saw the bare faces of those who distort the truth.
10,It's a must-see movie
10,I happened to see it on TV. It's my first time writing reviews and ratings after watching a movie. Thank you for letting us know that it's so precious
10,I feel shy after watching a movie made by an American Japanese.A movie that makes me hate being ignorant
10,What are our politicians doing?
8,Japan is really crazy
10,I didn't know such a good movie. I'm glad to see it Thank you very much for this movie director. It is very important to know history right awayI hope many people watch it
10,Why didn't I even know that this documentary existed when I happened to see it on SBS? It's more shocking than I thought to actually hear the stories of right-wingers who've only been exposed to news and articles. I think it should be widely screened along with the documentary 'Kim Bok-dong'. What's fortunate is that we're doing it on public TV The main field is on top of the real-time search keyword. I hope a lot of people will watch it.
10,A movie that all Koreans and Japanese must watch!
10,You have to be strong.Until you speak up.
10,Is this really allowed in theaters?You have to let me watch a lot of movies like thisI understand why Japanese people are so brazen.
10,We really need to win. Japan...Ha
10,A well-made documentary that makes us sad and angry. A simple commentary on the history that we must face
10,I want Japanese people to watch movies that I want to know and let people know
10,The Story of the Japanese sexual slavery from a Third Party's Point of View! Thank you for the special movie. I hope many people watch it
10,I hope many people will watch this movie and talk about it. How brutally and persistently Japan is erasing their past.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It was a useful movie that I could understand more about the problem.
10,Casheidoshi? Korea is a cute country like a disobedient child? I really wanted to go find him and kill him.
10,Thank you for telling me the truth.  Why are you only denying Japan or Abe when you're telling the truth? Poor Japan. Come out to the world. Don't be ridiculed
10,Thank you for taking courage and making a movie.
10,It wasn't just a piece of art that made us feel that the inside of a human being was so much influenced by education and the environment in which society was created
10,A movie that I want everyone to watch regardless of Korean or Japanese. Against all discrimination and prejudice.
10,There are signs of trying to see from an objective point of view.
10,There is no future for a nation and a country that has forgotten history.
10,Japan playing with Abe is really amazing
10,The existence of the movie itself is meaningful.
10,I'm crying. Apologize to Japan now
10,It makes me reflect on myself. It is a movie that once again raises interest in history and reminds us how to think and act in the future.
10,A film showing how heinous Japanese politicians deny Japan's crimes
10,Japan!!! I'll think about it again.
10,Why aren't there any theaters for this kind of movie? Please increase the number of theaters
10,10 points is also a Morazan movieI think it's a movie that made history clearI recommend it to many peopleIt was a chance for me to think about what kind of consciousness I should have as a Korean citizen
10,Why didn't I see such a good movie at the theater?
10,I promise to watch a broadcast on SBS today.I will never lose to Japan again.
10,Japan's stark appearance and sense of history are quite shocking. I hope a lot of people will see.
10,The most unfortunate movie that I haven't seen since I was in Australia
10,A movie that Korean people must watch!
10,Thank you for making this movie.It seems like a problem that cannot be solved only when individuals around the world are reborn with a mature consciousness that can reverse.I can't wait for that day to come.
10,Many people need to watch this kind of movie.
10,This is really creepy.
10,A film about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery and the Japanese right wing.It's a movie that made me immersed until the end.
10,Japanese... crazy people...You're going to screw up
10,I need to be stronger.We also want our children to be stronger.
10,It was a creepy two hours.
10,Shocking and touching...The anger that envelops it all!
10,A movie that the Korean Peninsula should pay attention to at this point!
10,Time flies with breathless editing. I want to recommend this movie.
10,I hope not only Koreans but also people from all over the world will see it.
10,I'm embarrassed and thankful that a foreigner made this video
10,Should people who have studied in Korea be left with this? The Japanese right-wing kids are acting up like that
10,I got goosebumps. Disgusting. Disgusting.
10,Don't forget the history. I was angry when I said Korea is a cute country.Let's vote well. Don't vote for the pro-Japanese.
10,It was an opportunity for me to look back after watching the movie
10,The Liberty Korea Party and the Liberal Democratic Party are in the same league. I got goosebumps. Parasite-like pro-Japanese vested interests.
10,A movie that all Koreans should watch
10,This movie is dedicated to poor slave unicorns.
10,Korea is cute? I'll show you how scary it is
10,The movie I have to watch two or three times makes my hands sweat and blush.
10,Watching this movie shows how contradictory what the rightists claim is.
10,All the rats in the gutter of Japanese war criminals are gathered at the Japan Conference
10,A movie written by a Japanese that Koreans must watch
10,It's a documentary that checks the lies of the Japanese right wing like a microscope
2,You're getting very high marks from the anti-Japanese incited darts. An untimely anti-Japanese boom compared to its artistic quality!
10,A movie that I want at least one more Korean or foreigner to watch. It allows Koreans to know how to look at this and how to respond.A movie that foreigners are grateful to as Koreans to point out about the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem.
10,Korea's main enemy is Abe.Soon Japan will collapse.
10,Even the level of logic and evidence that Japanese Military Sexual Slavery claims to exist is not comparable to that of the right wing.
10,I think the number of theaters for these movies should increase. It's a heart-warming movie.
10,I saw it on SBS today. It was nice to see such a meaningful movie.
10,There are people who need it at times like this
10,Truth that tells the truth. Truth that many people need to know
10,Sungjin State Japan Civil Liberation State Japan
10,Lee Younghwan should be known
10,I want to kill the Japanese right-wing kid.
10,Please increase the number of theaters! We need as many people as possible
10,the hideous bare face of Japan's right wing
10,a clear sexual exploitation of Japan
10,This is the fact. Don't twist the truth
10,Nailbe doesn't like this movie
10,All human beings should not ignore history.
10,an atomic bomb Tsunami - What Japan Should Eat Periodically
10,All right. Something informative.
10,There is a difference between knowing and not knowing. You have to look to find out.
10,My blood pressure rises as I watch it. I recommend a movie that makes you watch it more soberly.
10,The distortion of history needs to go away.
10,It's broadcasting on SBS. It's a new perspective. I can only give you 10 points as a Korean because I know the details of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
10,I want everyone to see it.
10,I want to give an award to myself who endure until the end. We'll see... In any way...
10,I wanted to kill the chicken swing.
10,I can't watch it all because I'm angry.
10,A documentary that quietly deals with sensitive issues. I liked the composition that I could watch without being bored and concentrating.
10,I'm touched by these people. Thank you
1,This kind of movie on the air? LOL This country has become communist
1,The incendiary that encourages anti-Japanese sentiment is OUT!
8,The third party's objective and simple directing stands out
10,They're doing it on TV. I won't let go of the boycott of Japan in the new year
10,This movie must be watched by children including Park Geun Hye.
10,There should be many theaters like this. Too bad
10,I hope this doesn't happen again!And I hope Japan apologizes to these people!
10,A movie that many people should watch
10,History needs to be corrected
1,Is this a movie?  an anti-Japanese documentary
10,I think it's a must-see movie
1,nausea
10,You have to watch this no matter what!
1,How long are you going to nitpick about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery? Will you stop?
1,Would they have sympathized a little if the movie had been released during other administrations?
10,A must-see documentary. A documentary showing the raw.
10,It was a very grateful time to know something I didn't know.
10,A political documentary full of humor and sense
10,I'm even angrier because of the cross-editing
10,A movie that gave me a good idea of the perspective of the neighboring country
10,I need you to download it and change it. Let me see.I can't believe I'm still making a reservation even though it's only the first group of theaters that I don't know where. -_-;
10,I pray that not only Korea and Japan but also everyone will watch this movie at least once I'm crying over stupidity
10,Theater tycoon OOO
10,I was wondering who the director was and he looks like Kim
10,This great movie has 3.90 million viewers.Is it because I didn't promote it?I think it's a must-see movie!
10,I had to watch it on purpose and it was organized well after watching it.
9,It was very touching.
10,I barely saw it when I went all the way to Seoul. Please increase the screenings or let me watch them on the Internet. It's a must-see movie.
10,a film disliked by the Liberals and the first class
10,You must see this.
10,A video that Koreans must watch.Until the day the whole nation sees me
1,I shouldn't have watched a movie about jokbal. All the people who saw this are native Japanese!
1,There is no real reflection on them
10,I learned more about what I only knew roughly
1,It's not that
10,I will use this kind of person as my idol and move on to Japan.
10,I hope the Japanese government's official apology will be made and the honor and human rights of the victims will be restored.
9,It was impressive!
10,The documentary highlighted the director's efforts to look into it objectively. I thought it would be nice to see it at least once. Recommendation.
10,It was an interesting approachI hope many people watch this movie
10,Please zoom in
10,the incomprehensible attitude of Japan
10,I really need to see this. I want high school students to show this in class
10,A little change in the complacent way of thinking about the revisionists
10,The noble lives that were sacrificed in their powerless days were brutally barked at...Young people!  I recommend you to watch it.
10,I wish we had a conscientious journalist like this. It gives us a sense of why Japan's right wing is happening and there's that kind of atrocity. But it's also bitter because it seems to be seen in our right wing and politics.
10,Don't understand why there's no tube
10,A movie that anyone with intelligence would relate to
10,Make sure you watch it. Make sure you watch it.
10,Watch how stupid you are
10,Make sure you watch it. There are a lot of things I didn't know about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery that I thought I knew
10,It's a must-see for Koreans in this situation
10,The screening of Daegu's main stadium ends today. I'm lucky. I'll do my best.
8,It's a must-see documentary film. Learn history right away
10,It solves many questions about the motives of Japan's far-right forces.
10,Should we increase the number of theaters?
10,Please increase the number of theaters...I really want to watch it again...
10,It is currently being screened at the Film Forum at the rear gate of Ewha Womans University. The past few years of our country are reminiscent and even dizzying. I don't think I could have produced this documentary if I wasn't an American-Japanese. It is sad that there are few movie theaters that contain truth even though books containing lies are bestsellers.
10,I saw it at Bupyeong Korean Theater Recommendation. x100
10,I'll exclude emotions and objectively use smart methods
10,Everyone should watch the movie.
10,Easily understand issues by organizing them clearly
8,It's recommended for introducing issues
10,A nation that forgets its past has no future.
10,Best comedy movie I've seen this year.
10,Why are there so few theaters? I think it's a must-see movie.
9,You have to know to live.
10,Please watch it all. It breaks my heart. I don't think I can watch it because I'm not interested in history. I can't watch it because I'm angry It's a waste not to watch it with the excuse of my back.
1,A fake incendiary film.
10,History cannot be hidden. I think it is a movie that both Koreans and Japanese should watch.
10,Please increase the number of theaters... Everything I've been curious about and just in case has been solved.
10,What to be afraid of
10,The question of human rights and dignity that we all need to know
9,I liked the part where I tried to solve this problem from an objective perspective.
6,A case that must be pointed out and passed on.  What can I do to relieve that resentment?
10,You worked so hard
10,I think it's a movie that you should watch
8,It is necessary to know and respond to Japan. This movie is worth it
10,You have to watch it. You have to watch it
1,There's no fact. Anyways
10,A movie where you can see the bare face of the extreme right of Japan.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I want everyone to see it'
10,There's no reason not to look.
1,Why are there so many women who won first place?
10,You must see this movie!!!
10,Increase the number of theaters pro-Japanese group you
10,You have to watch it!
10,I thought my blood pressure went up. A great help to understand Japan. The movie that we should show in history class and broadcast on public TV
10,There's no theater!Please do it quickly so that I can see it on the Internet
10,You have to watch this to get more screenings
10,This should be viewed instead of news.
8,Japan's meticulous political approach and Korea's still sloppy response were well shown.
10,It was a movie that had a lot to think about
10,I could see the true nature of the Japanese right wing. I recommend it!
10,It is a must-see movie for Koreans.
8,a tragedy called Japanese Military Sexual Slavery from a foreigner's point of view
1,I didn't even imagine it
10,Please increase the number of theaters! I hope you all watch it
8,Thank you. Recommend a good movie
10,I want people all over the world to see it!
10,Please increase the number of theaters~~
10,It was so much fun because it was like a movie that showed the standard of documentary! Fighting!
1,I'm sick of this anti-Japanese movie
10,It is a movie that I want to show students as a group.  I believe in the power of truth. Director! Thank you to everyone who works hard ^^
10,It's too bad that there aren't many theaters...
10,an in-depth examination revealed in a cold debate
10,A movie that many people want to see!
10,This movie should have been crowded with audiences who will be driven to the Battle of Bongodong
1,I'm rooting for you. Fighting!
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery A salutary film that shows a balanced view of the problem and the ugly inside of the Japanese right wing
10,It is a balanced approach to Japan's argument. The rebuttal is more logical.
10,I think it's a movie that you must watch
10,You can see the way Japan's right wing views the Korea-Japan conflict. their horrifying vision
10,The truth is that we never lose again
10,Right wing politicians like DiSang Abe are the problem... I hope that there is no Korean who has a good disease that ordinary Japanese do nothing wrong. Ignorance is also tacit consent and their choice.
10,I recommend it. I hope everyone watches it.
10,A must-see movie.  A movie that has to be aired on public TV.
9,I realized for sure. I think I can only see things.
8,Hwang Kyo-ahn and Na Kyung-won should watch a movie
10,Please increase the number of movies One of the few conscious intellectuals in Japan
10,a story about an unfinished war
10,It's a must-see movie. Please increase the number of movie theaterscrying
10,Let's watch it together! Don't just kick up the boycott!
10,I look forward to seeing a lot of people
10,I think it's a must-see movie.
10,Please increase the number of theaters.
10,The 9th World Exploration Beatings
10,Third-party fact check
10,I liked the tension that made it seem like we were attacking and defending each other with just a quick interview
10,I watched YouTube and I'm looking forward to it
10,I hope many people watch this movie
10,I enjoyed watching it.
10,This kind of movie should be watched by the whole nation
10,Make sure to watch it! I don't regret it.
10,There is no need for words from a movie that Koreans must watch.
9,I organized it so that it's easy to understand!I really want to recommend watching it!
10,(Singing "Behavé") I got it now Please increase the number of theaters
10,Please increase the number of theaters. It's a movie that so many people should watch. Please support us so that we can be well known overseas Please!
7,I think it was an opportunity to learn about the actual situation of Japan that we are dealing with and to confirm its essence as a subject who exercises influence on the inside of our society.
10,I didn't expect much. It was good.
10,It enriches the view of truth.
10,It's a trick to approach facts and opinions step by step and show what the truth is.
10,It's a must-see... A movie like homework for Koreans
10,I'm glad you have someone like this.
10,I should watch this and watch Kim Bokdong's grandmother's movie
10,It's a good movie that helps you look at familiar issues from a different perspective.
8,It was fun
10,I'm planning to see you again Please increase the number of theaters!
10,See you twice ^^.I hope a lot of people will experience it
10,I hope the advertising promotion country will take responsibility and inform the public in earnest so that the whole nation can see it...
10,A movie that I think all Koreans should watch
10,I liked all the facts that I didn't know
10,Let's watch it. I watched a Japanese director's movie even though it was a boycott period in Japan.  The world should share the miserable images of the Japanese fabricating and falsifying history for their perfectness.
10,I strongly recommend this movie. A must-see movie for Koreans.
10,I was able to understand the thoughts of the Japanese extreme rightists about Korea and Koreans
8,It's a calm but hard-headed paper on the screen
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase so that many people can watch it
10,I think everyone must see it like a textbook.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery delicately dissect the issue and finally reveal the core of Japan's right wing. A masterpiece documentary that should be widely spread and remembered
10,It's a must-see movie regardless of nationality or age
10,I'm getting ready to go see Kim Bok-dong
10,It's a must-see movie now
10,Please increase the number of theaters ~~
10,It was nice to know what's inside of Japan
10,I hope you all saw it.
9,What should I do? Where should I start?
10,We should know the behavior of the Japanese historical revisionists at the heart of power and try to convey the right history to our descendants. I recommend you all watch it.
10,I was so impressed and it is a movie that expresses the conflict between Korea and Japan well from an objective perspective.
1,A little investigation will show that the director is a member of the Japanese Communist Party. A red story full of anti-American and anti-Japanese codes. Why are there so many communist-loving red people in Korea?
10,Cheongju doesn't have a theater here.Show me the main battlefield!
10,Please make a theater in Dongtan. Please!
10,The selected screen and the choice of lines were good.I don't want anyone to pick one part and distort it.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot. A movie that needs to be seen no matter what position you support
10,I hope you all watch it
8,You are explaining very well what the Japanese right wing is like
10,A must-see movie for Japanese blindfolded by the right-wing media
10,The perception of history is now more clearly lifted. I have never seen a movie in such a small theater in my life.  What are you doing in a movie like this without a theater?
1,A movie made by a Japanese Communist red man. Do you believe the Communist Party?
10,I hope there will be more movie theaters that show the logic of Japanese right-wing groups
10,Darkness cannot beat light!Such a brave documentary!I'm rooting for you and thank you!
10,It's really the best.It's a pity that the one who tries to cover up the truth is more detailed and planned than the one who suffered.It is a must-see work with interest as much as Korean movies!
10,I can see why Japan is getting ruined. It's too bad I didn't see it earlier
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase
10,A movie that identifies the typical perception of the Japanese right wing and identifies the frame of marketing Japanese Military Sexual Slavery to the world. It's a movie that Koreans must watch. Let's know Japan and get ready
10,A movie you must watch. A movie you must show
10,Is the number of theaters real? Stretch it up a little--
10,Make sure to watch it. Abe kindly explains Japan of his dream empire. I was really surprised by Abe's uncivilized dream
10,I hope there will be more Japanese who are more conscious like this
10,Why don't you just increase the number of movie theaters and patriotize them instead of making money from spin-of-the-movies?  The limited number of movie theaters is. Is it the power of Japanese Abe?  I think it's a movie that the people should watch
10,Plastered all over the world!!!
10,A movie to watch with your family!
10,Let's spread it widely.I feel like I have to pay for these movies
10,You have to go 130 kilometers to watch a movie.Increase the number of theaters!!!
10,It was good to focus on the issue of human rights violations of wartime women.
10,I really enjoyed the movie. I hope many people will watch it by increasing the number of theaters.
10,Really... Please increase the number of theaters
10,It's so annoying that it's like an indigenous Japanese
1,It's such a boring movie
10,I'm not a soup pong or a sentimental person. I think I listened to a really hard lecture a movie that the whole nation should be watched by the whole nation
10,You must know. You can't stay still. It's our problem.
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase and more people will watch it
1,A timely selection of films...Hah!
10,I applaud your courage
10,I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,It is a movie that gives a strong impact to Japan preparing for war.
10,We need to increase the number of movie theaters!
10,I was impressed by the perception and interpretation of the problem
10,I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I hope many of you saw it
10,There aren't many theaters. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,Please increase the number of theaters!You have to see this
10,It's super cider!A movie that you have to focus on and watch!
10,A really good movie. I hope a lot of people watch it. Please increase the number of theaters!
10,There's only one theater a day.I hope you watch it.
10,I went to a faraway place and saw it. It's such a shame that there's no theater around the house.
10,It is a very meaningful movie.
10,You have to watch it. He's so angry
10,There's no reason not to watch it a gripping film
10,Make sure to watch it and increase the number of theaters.It's a documentary but a comedy
10,A must-know movie.I recommend it!
10,You have to watch it. Japan is really persistent in a strange way. a country of paranoia
10,I strongly recommend it. It's well-made
10,I recommend you to watch this movie.
10,Thank you for making such a good movie
10,I recommend you to watch it at times like this.
8,a hard road to humanism
10,It's a good movie with a good storyPlease watch it a lot
10,I sincerely hope you watch it once!
10,You start with anger and then come back to reason. Laughing... and alertness.
10,A movie that I want to show Japanese people!
10,You have to watch it. You have to watch this
10,It's a movie that I want everyone to watch
10,We urgently need to expand the theater.
10,We need to increase the number of theaters.
10,I hope a lot of people watch it. I often experienced my heart getting hot while watching movies. It's a movie that I want to spread to the world.
10,It seems to show that human rights cannot be justified for any reason.I recommend watching it!
10,A movie that reminds me of a 20th century boy from a Japanese cartoon.  I liked the editing sense and the drum sound that brought us to our senses when we confronted each other with logic. A movie that is more meaningful to young Japanese people.
2,It's a movie made by a native Japanese
10,We have to investigate whether the Japanese are left-wing movie "Red" to oppose the Japanese saying they are for Japan
2,a sickening victim costume
10,Make sure you watch it. You feel a lot. I think I'll read some books.
10,A faithful record that you must see at least once
10,The issue of the Japanese Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is a matter of gross violation of human rights and is something that everyone in the world needs to know so that it doesn't repeat itself in human history I hope that the Abe administration will be able to reflect on itself and show a genuine apology
10,Scary Japanese... Japan's ambition is not over. We need to be more alert.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I beg you.
10,It was a heart-filled movie.
10,I want to increase the number of theaters so that more people can watch it
10,Please increase the number of screeningsI beg you.
10,You have to see. You have to see
10,The video that deserves a perfect score
10,I hope more people from more countries than Korea will watch this movie. I just came back from the theater and logged in on purpose to leave a review!!!
10,The Japanese on the right are trying to suppress the feeling of non-
10,Recommended! A clear conclusion from an American who wasn't on anyone's side!  You have to watch it
10,I'm so angry It's frustrating to see the low and low-interest forces who are using absurd logic.
8,A movie that the whole nation must watch these days
9,Pen and language actions that are more intense than guns and swords.
10,Why didn't you write down the theater?I hope all Koreans watch this moviecrying
10,It's a movie that everyone should watch and think about
10,So the fight against Japanese imperialism is still going on
9,It's a movie that we need these days
10,You have to see this!!!
10,Please increase the number of theaterscrying
1,I'm sick of left-wing demagoguery movies!!!
10,I recommend it. You should watch it.
10,It's a movie that everyone in the world should watch at least once. I strongly recommend it!
10,The truth cannot be hidden.
10,A movie that all Koreans and Japanese should watch! It's such a shame that there aren't many theaters!
10,The indigenous Japanese and the flapping troops who sympathize with them are unlikely to see it
10,A movie that you want to watch as a Korean citizen.
10,Please increase the number of theaters Everyone needs to see it Thank you for showing us
10,It should be viewed as mandatory. Let's know the reason and boycott Japan.
10,Documentary for Korea and Japan
10,It shows how much the director respects the audience
10,I want to take everyone around me to see it. Please increase the number of theaters!
10,We have to increase the number of theaters
10,I also watched it at Jeonju Independent Theater today. I strongly recommend it.
8,From the end of the movie...
10,It feels like I've approached the inside view of Japan. I recommend it.
10,I want everyone to see it
10,A movie you must watch at least once
10,10 out of 10!@#!@#!@#!@#@!#
10,It's time for attention and love.
10,A documentary film that reveals that Japanese right-wingers are both racist and sexist.
10,Let's encourage CGV to screen. Shouldn't Korea's representative culture-related companies be screened?
8,It gave me a new perspective
10,I've seen the kids
10,We should reflect on what we need to reflect on. We should reflect on human rights abuses committed in other countries. I recommend a movie that makes you think a lot. I hope the number of theaters increased!
10,A movie that all Koreans and Japanese should watch!
10,Kim Bok-dong + Jujeonjang Movie to watch together!
10,It's a weird movie not being shown on TV.I strongly recommend this movie to relieve your frustration
10,a movie that boosts fighting power
10,I saw it today. I hope the voices of conscientious Japanese will grow louder.
10,I'm ashamed that I've never been able to go into the details
10,It's a movie that we should all watch!
10,Those who are awake
10,It's a documentary that organizes the contents of complicated problems and digs them into them with insight. It's a must-see documentary.
10,It's a documentary that's easy to understand. I really hope everyone can see it!
10,I hope you watch it after increasing the number of theaters
10,Why aren't there any theaters? There's no promotion.
10,I think I saw a good movie after a long time. It was a movie that made us think again about the stance we should stand in college
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase as soon as possible.
10,You can feel it well.
10,A movie that you want to give a rating of 10 even though you haven't watched it
10,This is a must-see movie...But why aren't there many theaters?
10,It's a must-see movie.
10,A must-see movie. It lingers in my mind.
10,It's a combination of value and reality. I strongly recommend it.
10,Japan's Far-Rightists Show Their Face That Makes Only Their Own Claims Must-see Movie
10,It was a good documentary that helped me look back at the perspective of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery... and it's just a shame that there aren't many theaters
10,Japan has become a country without press and human rights.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery question from an objective perspective.Perhaps that's why he faced the uglier face of Japan. Our history that we should not forget...
10,It is a documentary that digs into the inside and background of Japanese far-rights who desperately try to hide their war crimes. Now it's time to make a documentary in our country about daggers and 503 dirty backbiting and pro-Japanese groups that eat up the country
10,Make sure you watch it. It's a movie that shows which country we have next to
10,You're solving a serious topic in a witty way
10,The movie was perfect from approach to editing and music. I hope a lot of people will see.
10,The best documentary I've seen lately. It's dealing with the Japanese Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue and it's telling us what the inside story is.
10,Don't you see the trashy multiplexes showing up in the parking lot?
10,Why are there so few theaters? Stretch it out
10,It's a movie that I want crazy Ilbe living in this era to watch and wake up.
10,I watched it with my nephew and I recommend watching it with my family and acquaintances.
10,I want everyone to see it.
10,Make sure you look at the kettle. I want more theaters.
10,At least all the students should see. There are too few theaters.The tax should be spent on supporting film production and watching.
1,The right is raving to frame it as pro-Japanese. That's why the left is disgusting. Isn't Hong Young-pyo a true indigenous Japanese?
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery List the background and main points of the problem and gradually reveal the contradictions on the Japanese side. Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryI can feel Japan's ambition related to problems.
10,Make sure you watch it. It's not an ideological movie It's an objective human rights movie from the American perspective Watch it with your family It's a movie you have to watch Please increase the number of theaters and the number of days
10,Strongly recommended! Be careful of the anger gauge
10,I hope many people watch it.
6,It wouldn't have been bad to watch without any expectations.But I was disappointed because I had high expectations.
10,The bugs don't even know how to rate it
10,A really well-made movie. A movie that explains why Abe is crazy. I want to watch it again on the weekend. Best movie of the year!!!
10,But it's a shame that Yoon Seo-in and Professor Lee Young-hoon are missing.
10,We should be interested in this kind of movie
10,I hope there are more theaters
10,Please increase the number of theaters. Recommendation for Konkuk University CGV. It's in front of my house.
10,A documentary with a sense of calm and dynamic. I've been so angry. It's really well-made. Applause for Mickey Dejaki's courage
10,a thorough documentary of emotional exclusion I can feel the coach's efforts and hard work against Japan's ridiculous far right. It is not irrelevant to the present situation. Abephan militarism should not be allowed.
10,Please increase the number of theaters There aren't that many placesI hope more and more people can watch it
10,A must-see movie! Especially conservatives!
10,I was moved by the conscientious Japanese director. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,"Why don't you show such movies on CGV in this era?" "Even Japanese Americans want to keep the benefits they see in front of their independence movement. Let's live like a human being."
9,It was good because it seemed like you were calmly unraveling the content.
9,Well-made and recommended documentaries.
10,Please increase the number of theaters...
10,A movie that tells the truth and history right away...
9,I'm sorry. I dozed off in the second half. How can such a good documentary film be released at night?
10,I really want to see it! Please increase the number of theaters
10,I felt the potential of Japanese intellectuals.  We look back on ourselves.
10,It's sad. I have to watch it The movie? No? Want to
10,Thank you for the great movie
10,A must-see movie!Please increase the number of theaters!
10,Um... I recommend this movie because it is a good movie to understand various perspectives that allowed me to understand things that I couldn't understand.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I've never seen a documentary so well-informed about issues before. It's a shame that the reservation rate is low.
10,Is this a must?
10,Why doesn't CGV show these movies? Shouldn't there be more theaters at times like this?  I can't believe it. The number of movie theaters--
10,A must-see movie for Koreans!
10,A must-see movie for both Koreans and Japanese
10,More than 90 percent of the documentaries are more communicative and interesting because they come from the mouths of Japanese and American-Japanese.
10,A movie that shows the true nature of Japanese power and reminds us why historical consciousness is important
10,I could see why they were trying to incite and bury. A movie that Korean people must watch. Let's not fight over the next country...
10,I am ashamed and angry that the war criminal state is a neighboring country I hope you're calm
1,No other country in the history of boring anti-Japanese education is as clingy as Korea
10,I'm coming to my senses
10,A movie that makes you laugh. I recommend you watch it at least once
10,Please look it up.
8,It was a movie that everyone had to watch.
10,Let's watch it. It's meaningful.
10,I definitely recommend this kind of documentary
10,We can realize what is at the heart of the current Korea-Japan relations issue
10,I'll make sure to go see it.I hope a lot of people will see it
10,It really objectively summarized Japan's argument that is not logical through facts That's what I think. I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,I want to see Cheonan too
10,I recommend you to watch itYou'll see a little bit of who they are
10,We need to see this movie.
10,Mickey Dejockey! You're a great director^^ It's a movie that the whole nation should watch
10,You have to watch it to get to know Japan.
10,I wish there were more theaters...
10,It's worth keeping after paying for VOD.
10,It's a movie that delightfully shows the illogical arguments of the Japanese!
10,A must-see movie! We need to increase the number of theaters
8,Intelligent and humorous!
10,You have to watch it.Really
10,We learn why Abe and the extreme right of the Japanese Congress deny sexual slavery and forced labor
10,I cried while watching the movie because I was so angry
10,Two hours of watching the movie was not boring. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,Best movie I've seen this year.It was more fun than the And game.
10,I felt like blood was disappearing all over my body.
10,Let's hope the screening continues!!
10,a really interesting and well-made documentary
10,There is no guarantee that boycotts are necessarily the right way. But trade retaliation is certainly unfair. There are too many "Ilbe"
10,It's too bad that there aren't many theaters. I'm glad I barely found you.
10,A movie that Japanese right-wingers are trying to ban. It's pro-life not to watch.
10,I strongly recommend a movie that everyone should watch
10,I'm glad there's Dongsung Art Hall in Daegu.
10,There is no theater in Ulsan. I hope to see it in Busan
10,I hope there will be more theaters.I recommend you to take a look.
10,It's a pretty smart documentary.    Please watch it a lot^^
10,an objective truth The truth I want all of us to know. And their mask-wearing looks and their bare faces. Let's remember that the fight is still going on
10,a smart movie that binds the Japanese to what they say
10,It's been a while since I saw this documentary. Recommendation
10,It's a movie that reminds me of the need to study about Japan
10,I recommend it. There aren't many theaters
10,Let's cheer up in Korea. I recommend it
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery He got to the heart of the problem and I enjoyed watching the two hours of running time without boredom. It's a documentary that I want to recommend to people around me.
10,Increase the number of theaters.I want to see you too.
10,Thank you. I hope more people can watch it!
10,I really hope you watch it.
10,Please increase the number of theaters! Please stretch it out!
10,I hope you watch it! Recommendation
10,You should watch the movie that helped you learn the truth
10,A movie that the whole nation must watch!
10,A must-see piece to understand the current situation
10,I'm thankful and angry
10,You can tell it's 10 points.
10,Their ugly bare faces imbued with chauvinistic discrimination. The reason for all the problems is that you don't feel ashamed of yourself.
10,Abe will be very scared of this movie. That's why I have to watch it. It's something I'd rather do on public TV.
10,This is like a war  Recommend.
10,Good. I can see what's inside of Japan
10,I watched it alone today. It's a movie that everyone must watch.
10,Make sure to watch what's going on in Japan.Two hours passed by in a flash
10,It was a movie that made me realize the reality of Japan.
10,Please increase the number of theaters
10,Shouldn't the public see all the insidious acts of Abe and the Japanese Association of Crime Groups now? Increase the number of theaters.
10,I think it's a must-see movie for Koreans.It was a time for us to understand in detail the current state of Japan trying to get back to militarism and think about the position we should take.I hope it'll be shown at a regular movie theater.
10,It is a masterpiece that highlights the standard of attitude that a documentary dealing with the clever and sensitive subject of a fact bomber director who leaves the judgment to the audience after listing objective data. Shouldn't we increase the number of theaters and promote these kinds of movies?
10,Remember the testimony of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery survivors who lived in sexual slavery under the full control of the Japanese army without free will. The Japanese government should apologize. Take legal responsibility. Educate the facts.
9,Maybe even Koreans didn't know about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
10,What would a movie like this do if it doesn't have 10 million viewers?
10,Why is this theater like this? Please show it to all movie theaters nationwide. Or do a special broadcast after the screening. That's too much.
10,I hope a lot of people can watch it
1,You've been working against the sun.
10,It's too bad there aren't many theaters. I think it'd be good if a lot of people watched it
10,You must see this movie. It tells the direction of Japan in the past and today.
10,It's a movie with a heavy message I hope Japanese people watch it.
10,There are so few movie theaters that all Koreans should watchI hope the people who want to see it on TV will see it.
10,I recommend that you watch it.
10,It's fun to objectify history
8,It was surprising to see who was at the center of the forces leading Japan.
10,Be sure to watch it! It's a movie that exposes the basis and level of various claims made by Korean + Japanese + American figures.
10,It shows what the far-right Japanese are thinking and working on. I decided not to sell it in Japan
10,Please increase the number of theaters!
1,It's made by a Japanese. Aren't you going to boycott it? Double sex. That's awesome
10,The content of this movie is closely related to Japan's economic retaliation that is taking place in our country. I think this movie came out at the right time. "Don't be angry and watch it until the end."
10,I strongly recommend movies that Koreans should watch
10,Surprised by exhilarating insights
10,Korea-Japan relations from an objective perspective Let's spread the plot and meanness of Japan's extreme right and Abe
10,It's nice. Look at her. She's got to goAm only
10,It shows both conflicting views and arguments (provoking anger when listening to the stories of Japanese revisionists) and in the end makes it more clear which side of the objective and substantive truth lies. The huge international political frame that had never been thought of before made us look at the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue.
10,I watched it with a sad heart.
10,A must-see movie in this situation
10,I really appreciate and respect that Japanese director made this movieIt's a must-see movie for Koreans
10,I think they showed each other's perspective on the problem. I hope you all watch it.
10,I'm getting interested in late night snacks
1,A movie made for the money of the pigs
10,I wish there were more theaters!
10,A movie that we must see for logical armament against Japan
10,The whole country needs to see it.
10,It reminds me of the nature of human nature
10,Please increase the number of theaters!A movie that everyone should watch. The reality of the right wing is really;;;;
10,It's the best. It gives me a lot of things to think about
10,A must-see movie. You can see how illogical Japan is.
10,A good documentary that Koreans should watch and be wary of Japan
10,Japan is not a democracy
10,I hope they're ruined
9,It is more obvious from an objective point of view
10,A movie that gives a glimpse of the inside of the Japanese right wing that we didn't know in detail - I highly recommend it.
10,Bupyeong Korean Theater is airing. Make sure to watch it
10,The logic of the Japanese far right...It's the same as Jahandang
10,Please increase the number of theaters
10,Please increase the number of theaters crying
10,I've been watching this for a long time and I've been sighing.I couldn't help it. Let's show them who lost their minds.
10,Isn't Korea such a cute country? The pre-modern and nonsensical concept of the Japanese conference makes me laugh out of anger. A movie that the whole nation should watch if they lose their lives!
10,I'm looking forward to it! I'll make sure to go see the kettle
10,Why Abe is running wild. That explains it.
10,It was the best documentary!
8,Abe's rearmament is key
10,I recommend this movie to watch with all my conscience in my life. It's a movie that all Koreans should watch.
10,I hope it works out even better
10,It's a really good movie. We have to learn history so that we don't make mistakes again.
10,A life documentary that opened my eyes to a new perspective on Japanese Military Sexual Slavery.
10,A must-see movie. A must-see movie
10,I hope that the promotion goes better and everyone watches it
9,A film that focuses on human rights in an objective sense. A movie that reveals the ugly side of Abe why one should be wary of Abe
10,It's worth watching.
10,A movie that I don't want to end
10,Get the coordinates of the caterpillars and before the terror attacks...
2,What is this movie? He's manipulating the score
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,Increase the number of theaters!What is CGV?
10,You have to watch the news instead We need to respond strategically with more accurate knowledge
10,A movie that Koreans must watch... It is a movie that can be used as a learning material.
10,Emotions fluctuated the whole time I watched. I was angry and sorry at the same time. I've been too indifferent. Do I deserve to swear at them?
10,Increase the number of theaters and increase the running time.
10,Make sure you watch it.For sure
10,I could see what it was to see right.
10,It's a really good movie.I hope many Koreans watch it
9,The first movie to write a review. History is distorted if we don't remember. I hope many people can share what they saw and felt.
10,I want more theaters and more people to watch it.I hope private companies can save money and apply for movies.A meaningful movie with a lot of content to know and move on.
10,I recommend it. Don't worry and watch it!
10,The fact check is really well done. It was nice to hear the arguments of both sides.
10,It's a must-see movie in Japan and Korea
10,Behind Japan is America!
10,Watch on the evening of July 25th. Japan's right-wingers who think Korea is a spoiled child are shocked! Tomorrow again as a review. Here we go!
10,The best documentary. Cool
10,Please extend the theater and duration. Please expand the supply to local movie theaters.
10,What a good documentary!
10,The reason why the truth should be told
10,It's a movie I want to see. There aren't enough theaters
10,A movie that did something big that Korean filmmakers couldn't do. I hope all schools show it as educational materials.
10,We need to know properly
10,It is a must-see movie as a Korean citizen. It's a movie that makes me personally reflect on myself. Recommend.
10,It's a movie that you must watch
9,The movie I want to see again. The strong criticism of Japanese right-wingers and the United States and the violation of human rights are a matter that cannot and should not be hidden in the end. I hope to see you in many countries
10,Japan also has a hidden conscience.
10,I wish there would be more theaters
10,Right now (2019.07) A must-see movie
9,A movie that doesn't need words.I hope this movie will be exported to the whole world.
10,Please increase the number of theaters. Please supply it overseas. It's an important record. It has to be documented on the air.
10,I hope that a lot of people watch it.I strongly recommend it!
10,We can see the creepy intentions of the Japanese conference.A must-see movie for Koreans.
10,A must-see movie. I strongly recommend it
10,Make sure you watch it.You can play it in history class.
10,A must-see movie to find out the intentions of Japanese politics
10,You can see what Abe is like and why it is important for Japanese rightists to whitewash the issue.
10,I recommend you to watch it.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I had a hard time watching itMickey Dezaki's third-place Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem. Are you part-timers who press "No"?
1,A low-level anti-Japanese film that will drive brainless pro-North lefties still living in the Japanese colonial era in the 21st century
10,Japan's extreme right face is even more ridiculous than I thought
10,I hope these truths will be known to the world and to the good Japanese who know nothing about them. Don't try to cover up the sky with your hands
10,There aren't many theaters I hope everyone watches it
10,I recommend you to watch it.
10,Why are there so many theaters?
10,Please enlarge the theater! The theater!
10,I'll give you 10 points for a movie with a conscience
10,Let's see why the ratings are 0 on the front screen of NAVER
10,A much better-than-expected movie. Well-made. A must-see movie for Koreans. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's a movie that helps you have the right view of history.
10,I hope you do it on public TV
10,I don't want to. Who'
10,The boycott of Japan should continue
10,The movie reminds us that the threat of the extreme right in Japan is ongoing. I hope this movie will be widely known and fewer people will be fooled by the public opinion battle of Japan's far-right forces.
10,I watched it. There is no need for words. I think it would be good for more people to see the kettle.
10,I didn't know Japan would be this bad. Increase the number of theaters
10,It is the most necessary movie in this era and the fundamental movie to create a solid Korea again.
10,I'm looking for a place that opened
8,The third party's cold eyes and hot hosting
10,You can see the bare face of the mainstream in Japan. It's so mad that we all sigh at the end of the movie. I was so grateful to the director for making the movie. I hope the number of theaters will increase and as many people as possible watch it. Reflecting on the legitimacy of the boycott of Japan
10,It's powerful from the opening. I was so embarrassed and angry when I saw the photo of Park Swing agreeing Japanese Military Sexual Slavery with a smile while being angry and amazed by the Japanese right-wingers' behavior. I understood what the Japanese conference believed and ignored their war crimes.
10,Let's become aware of the pathetic nature of Japan's right-wing faction and develop our strength
10,I hope a lot of people will see it.
10,It was good to earn money from an objective perspective
10,A must-see movie in Korea
10,Anger rises.the Japanese
10,Make sure to watch it. It's creepy.
10,You have to watch it. It's a good study.
10,The delusional delusions who want to believe lies have no future for them.  The right perception of history is the future.
10,Japan faces a truth that is not covered no matter how much it tries to hide.
10,Please release it nationwide
10,I strongly recommend it!♥♥♥★
10,Please increase the number of theaters so that the entire nation can watch such a well-made movie!!!! 10/10 and up.
10,a poignant filmI'm just so grateful that this movie came out in the world.
10,I saw it. We need to prepare for war
1,It's a boring documentary.
10,Let's turn commercial films upside down with anger
10,I hope to see not only Koreans but also people from other countries such as Japan and the United States.
10,Parasite and Aladdin have been in theaters for over two months. Shouldn't we get rid of them and increase this?
10,Let's wait and see the must-see movie
10,It's a useful movie. I hope we can increase the number of theaters in the future.
10,Let us not forget that the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue is a matter of history and human rights between nations
10,There are conscientious people in Japan!
10,Be sure to watch it. It's a documentary format and you can see why they wanted to kill the director who made this movie in Japan. It's a movie that reflects the true feelings of Japan.
1,Is this an infected terran?
10,Is the number of theaters real? Seoul is completely destroyed
10,It tells you the present situation in Japan Make sure you watch it
10,The Japanese have to choose whether to study history or die a miserable death
10,I wasn't bored for two hours. I hope the number of theaters will increase so that other people can watch it.
10,100 points. I hope Japanese people can see it
10,Sigh. Japan is falling apart more badly than I thought. We almost did. the idea of not being able to unite together as a nation I cried with shame and sorry. It was sad. I want to thank the director who made the documentary and everyone who made the movie.
10,This is hard to rate
8,It wasn't boring for two hours. I liked the editing that was getting closer to the core.  It was a movie that showed the intention of the Abe administration.
10,Please increase the number of theaters. I'm so curious
10,I hope people all over the world can see it Especially Japan
9,Abe will make sure to watch...
10,Please increase the number of theaters Please increase the number of theaters
10,It's a must-see movie Strong recommendation
10,I strongly recommend this kind of movie that you must watch!  I wish there would be more theaters
10,I'd like to do the 8 o'clock news instead of the news
1,The movie is a bit distracting and boring;;
10,Who are those who really give 1 point? pro-Japanese groupLim? Or is that wrong? :?  I hope the people who distort Korean history watch the movie...;
10,Japanese-American movie with a conscience. I recommend it
10,Chops are a cancer of mankind. Radioactivity plus alpha. Japan will continue to sink as long as cancerous beings dominate the political world and the people who live thoughtlessly live on the food that is given to them like slaves. There is no future for a nation that has lost its history.
1,I'll give you 1 point. I'll give you 1 point.
1,Rating Too High
10,It's about a touching first fan meeting with a beautiful singer who wants to be called a singer and fans who love him
10,I can feel the emotion of the fan meeting
10,I can feel Kim Ho-joong's power and emotion.It's healing during COVID-19
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting is touching as if you're watching it at the working level
10,I was touched because I could feel the sincerity of the singerI think it'd be nice to listen to music and watch movies with your family
10,It's nice to feel your sincerity
1,It's a piece that I personally couldn't touch it
1,Reasons why comment instigation is possible
1,I thought it was a movie
1,It's fun. It's really fun
1,I don't want to.
1,I can't believe it. It's disgusting
1,It's disgusting that this is on the movie charts
1,h
1,It's not that
10,It's heartfelt and touching.It's the best.
10,I watched "Thank You So" and listened to it more than 10 timesIt's getting more and more touchingI'm looking forward to that day I miss Kim Hojung of Tvarotti  I'm always rooting for you. Be successful and wait for the day you fly high
10,It's so touching no matter how many times I see it Kim Hojung's voice is the best I can't wait to be discharged from the army
10,It's a movie that can't let go of Kim Ho-jung's songs and expressions that are more than expected and sincere. It's a movie that makes you fall into it to the point where you feel sorry that the movie is short.
10,He's the most sentimental singer among Kim Hojung
10,It's nice to have Kim Hojung's fan meeting with my family
10,Kim Hojung. Congratulations on your successful first fan meeting.It was good to see the family who loves Hojung gathered and communicated with the family. It was great. I will go to the concert to meet Hojung when I am discharged from the armyI love you and support you. Stay healthy
10,It was a movie that made me so happy while watching Kim Ho-joong's famous songs and stories. Make sure to watch it.
10,I'm always rooting for the best singer of our time
10,Kim Ho-joong's true self and the sound of the song that I never get tired of listening to again and again is so touching.
10,I'm rooting for you with overwhelming support
10,It's a fan meeting movie that has a story of overcoming the singer's adversity. It's a great performance that shows the singer's unique singing ability
10,I was so happy listening to it because my tears covered my eyes
10,Kim Hojung's first fan meeting song was "Carrot". I liked it. I was touched when he said how he felt while preparing for the first fan meeting with his voice. It was so good that I wanted to see it again
10,I'm touched every time I see you
10,It was so nice to feel the life of Kim Hojung who overcame difficulties
10,Thank you so much for missing me. The greatest star ever gave Aris the greatest gift
10,I miss you and I want to hear you...I'm touched. ♡♡♡
10,I was really touched when I saw Kim Ho-joong's "Thank You So". I hope you become a singer who covers all generations.
10,Kim Hojung's heavenly voice is so touchingI'm always rooting for you
10,I'm immersed in songs and storiesHis voice is the best
10,Kim Hojung's heavenly voice is so touching
10,It was a time to heal Kim Hojung's heart-warming Thank you. Thank you
10,Good~ Relieve your longing like a welcome rain of drought~ ^^
10,It's so touching
10,Kim Hojung is a genius singer who touches my heart as if he's proven to be an amazing singer I'm so touched. It's the best
10,Watching Kim Hojung's fan meeting movie makes me emotional again
10,The song is the best! Full of fan love ♡♡♡
10,It's Kim Hojung!
10,Good songs and excellent filming skills move your heart to infinity!Have a lot of happy dreams with Kim Hojung!
10,It's touching every time I look at it. I'm so touched at the scene. KIM HOJOONG is the best
10,He was sentimental and had the best singing abilityIt's the best fan meeting movie with ARIS
10,Kim Ho-joong's solid singing skills and touching stories from fans made me tear up.Kim Hojung of Tvarotti is the best
10,I'm always touched~~
10,It's so touching. It's so touching
10,Thank you. I'm touched every time and time again
10,The scenes that make my heart race. The artist who sings with his whole body
10,It's a masterpiece with a touching story and perfect singer's skills
10,Thank you. The movie story is also touching. Kim Hojung's singing ability. I can feel the emotion of the day. The movie I want to see again after watching it. Thank you!
10,The story is touching
10,I'm getting emotional when I watch it again. I really liked the singer I watched it again I didn't know time went by when you sang with your loud and delicate voice. Thank you
10,Kim Hojung! I'm touched by your sincerity towards your fans
10,I'm so into Kim Hojung's touching song·
10,I'm so thankful. I'm so touched. I'm so happy that I'm a singer who touches and makes you happy
10,The story is touching and Hojung's song is the best
10,It's a fan meeting movie that touches your heart.It expressed the emotional scene of the singer and fans becoming one well.Kim Hojung is a great artist who touches people with his music.
10,I love you! Our precious star! I'm touched! Joy~~! Let's always be together with your heart. Stay healthy and thankfulWay to go!
10,I'm a fan of Kim Hojung I'm so happy that I can watch it through the show Thank you to the broadcasting staff. I'm looking forward to the day of your concert after your discharge Thank you. The movie is like a gift to ARIS and those who love and like Kim Hojung. Thank you again to tvN for organizing it during the Chuseok holiday
10,It's so touching every time I see itI want to keep seeing you I'd appreciate it if you could do it more oftenKIM HOJOONG and ARIS are so beautiful
10,It's the best of the best.I'm so touched when I see him at the fan meeting. I'm waiting for Kim Hojung
10,Thank you. Kim Hojung's first fan meeting music video movie. It's very pleasing to the eyes and ears.I enjoyed it very much.
10,It was a healing time for me to watch a movie with vivid images and touching storiesI keep wanting to see youThank you. I recommend a good movie
10,Kim Hojung's endless charm. Thank you. I'm touched.
10,I really enjoyed watching Kim Hojung's "Thank You". I watched it several times  You're the best singer in the world. I didn't know documentary films were so fun
10,I'm touched that singers call their fans Korean food.Thank you for being able to meet our first fan meeting through a movie.Make sure to go to the concert after your service.Want to
10,It's so touching
10,I am touched by Kim Ho-joong's singing ability and his fans' heart-warming cheering.I want to watch it again if you show it again
10,I'm satisfied with everythingPlease show us next time
10,Thank you. You're the best
10,I cried while watching itThank you for the movie with songs and stories
10,Kim Hojung is a great singer I'm so touched that I can hear various voices
10,"Fan ID" is a heavenly voice from heavenI'm touched by the explosive voice of the microphone
10,Your stage manners were all greatI want to give 999 out of 1000
10,Thank you. You're the best
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see Kim HojungI really felt the love of the singer and the love of the singer
10,It's so touchingYou're the only singer who makes me look forward to next yearc
10,It's the best Chuseok gift. It was a touching time as a fan Thank you to the production team of tvN Story
10,Thank you. I'm touched by the stories of Kim Hojung and his fans
10,I was so touched when I saw Kim Hojung's Thank You just now.  I didn't know how deep he was in singing and I was so into itI think Kim Hojung's musicality is amazingI'm always rooting for you!♡♡
10,KIM HOJOONG is also the best
10,Kim Hojung's story. The song is so touching
10,Singer Kim Ho-joong's great singing ability and emotional expression that digs into his heart are mysterious.It's the best. I think it's a movie that God gives us·
10,It's so touching I can't forget Kim Hojung's heavenly voice. I'll always support you
10,I've never seen a singer who sings in such a high-quality wayI'm really looking forward to Kim Hojung's tenor
10,Thank you. I'm so touched
10,You're always the best. Thank you for organizing it
10,Your singing skills are amazing. The luxurious voice that fills the concert hall was so touching You can tell the truth from the song and expression It was a happy time to listen to Kim Hojung's songs I think I'll continue to support Kim Hojung Cheer up!
10,Kim Hojung's performances are always touchingI got your back.
10,Thank you for not getting tired of listening to it 50 times and it's the best.It's such a shame that I can't see Kim HojungI want to see you perform after you finish your military serviceI'm thankful that I can see you like this
10,Thank you so much was the best Chuseok gift for me.
10,You love Aris so beautiful and I want to hear his good voice forever
10,It's so nice every time I see it.I'm looking forward to next year's concert
10,Kim Hojung's song is touchingYou're such a good singer. I think I'll be a fan
10,I watched it with my family on a happy holiday  It was touchingPlease make a lot of good music
10,It was a touching story for Kim Hojung and his fans~ Kim Hojung sings so well^^ I'll be rooting for you^^
10,KIM HOJOONG is the best artist who sings with his whole body. You're touching every time I see you. Thank you again
10,It's so touching that we become one with our fans!Kim Ho-joong's good influence ♡
10,Very good. You're the best
10,Kim Ho-joong's live performance filled the stage with his stormy voice and touching emotions. The fandom of a movie like Kim Ho-joong's live performance is also
10,I'm amazed by the video while listening to the song.  I watched it with overwhelming emotion as I seemed to have met a rare singer with a rich voice and charisma and softness that dominated the stage manner audience. He's the number one singer that I want to see and feel at the concert
10,The production was excellent and the progress was neat.
10,It was good because I was touched and thankful
10,It was so touchingThank you so much for letting handsome Kim Hojung watch on ChuseokI've been watching 78 channels regularly
10,It's a movie that touches your heart
10,It's the best quality touch with a luxurious voice!Kim Ho-joong's refreshing sound gives you healing!
10,Thank you. I'm touched every time I see you. Thank you for airing tvN.
10,Thank you. I'm so touched. I love your voice I support you forever
10,It's a movie that shows once again that you're the best singer
10,It was so nice to see your face after a long timeI can't wait to be discharged
10,Kim Hojung's new side and sincerity are revealedThe range of the song was wide and it was touching to see it again·Thank you ·
10,It's so cool and touching.Kim Hojung is the best!
10,It was a touching moment for Kim Hojung   I'd like to thank the broadcasting station for doing this for Chuseok
10,Kim Hojung's heavenly voice touched me a lot on the stage♡
10,As expected of Tvarotti!It's always fascinating to listen to it with the highest voice.You can be a top star in the world.Thank you to the broadcasting company for airing this program
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see itIt's Kim Hojung!
10,Kim Hojung's first fan meeting. "Thank you." I'm touched.
10,It's the best high quality touching that only Kim Hojung can giveThank you every time I see you
10,Thank you. I've never seen a movie like this It was so touching to be with fans on the last day of shootingI hope that you will continue to be successful as a singer who can feel your sincerity. I look forward to your second movie
10,Thank you. I'm so touched
10,It's very touching. It was touching
10,I'm so touched! Tvn story is the best for ChuseokThank you for making me feel the ecstasy of the day again.Kim Hojung! I love you more than I do~~
10,It's so touchingBe successful in becoming the best musician with the best personality
10,It's so touching     I can't wait to see her.
10,I was so touchedI understand why the word "best singer" came out.You made a happy Chuseok."Fan ID" is the best.Thank you. ^^
10,It's touching that Hojung is next to me. Thank you.
10,It was so touching. He sings well and I'm even more moved by the sincere heart of singer Kim Ho-joong.
10,It's beautiful to see Kim Ho-joong doing his best. Please keep your voice and sing good songs for a long time. He is a singer who will make history in K-pop history.
10,I'm so touched by the fan meeting that singer Kim Hojung prepared. Thank you
10,I'm so moved that I'm crying
10,Kim Ho-joong's fan meeting movie gives him a touching singing ability and his sincerity. It is a movie that gives a deep impression every time I see it
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting. Thank you so much. I'm so touchedThank you for making Chuseok holiday shine
10,Thank you. I'm still impressed by the movie and the tablet Thank you for watching TVN story again
10,The best song... Let's bring back the memory that made my heart race
10,I'm touched every time I see you. Thank you.
10,Thank you. I can't forget that day's of that dayI'm sure there will be another touching time next yearThank you for being part of the show
10,The best story of my life can't be more touching
10,I was touched by Kim Hojung's sincere singing and singing skillsI'm looking forward to the follow-up program
10,I think Kim Hojung's music has healing power.
10,Thank you for touching me with your best singing skills. I was touched from beginning to end.It was the best Chuseok special.
10,It was so nice to see Kim Hojung's human singing.I'm especially touched by the fans' love.I will continue to support Kim Hojung
10,Which artist has such a high spectrum? Every single song is a life story
10,Thank you for spending the Chuseok holiday very meaningfully with Kim Hojung's song
10,Thumbs up with skills and singing skills
10,The movie is so touching Thank you. You're such a good singer
10,I'm rooting for the best singer
10,I'm crying. I'm so touched. My ears and eyes are so happy
10,Thank you for giving me the best impression
10,I'm touched by Kim Hojung's fan meeting concert
10,Thank you. I'm touched every time and time againI want to see you soonFighting!
10,I'm touched by sincere songs and stage manners
10,Thank you! It's so touching.
10,beyond descriptionI was really impressed.
10,I'm watching right now.I think it's the best gift for Kim Hojung's fans.
10,a work that will last forever as a singer
10,It's a movie about a fan meeting. I like all the directing music I could feel the fans' feelings and I'm touched by the singer's song
10,The best singer! The best movie!I really want to see you at the concert next yearKim Hojung
10,I will never forget the touching and happy moments
10,Thank you! It's so touchingThank you for being able to see me again
10,I can feel the nervousness and emotion of the first fan meeting.I can feel the singer's sincerity and my nose is choking up.
10,It was so touching when I first met my fans and singers
10,It's so touching
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it. It's the best gift for Chuseok~~
10,We can feel the sincerity and warmth from the touching story of cheering for each other
10,I'm so touchedI love it so much
10,It's so touching I love you.
10,You can feel Kim Ho-joong's musicality and affection for his fans Waiting for his broad musical spectrum ....
10,I was touched. Kim Hojung's songs really comfort meI'm rooting for your unrivaled singer!Fighting!
10,I want to recommend a movie where you can see the love of singers and fans
10,The video and the song are so nice
10,It's so touching·I support your heavenly voice
10,Who can comment? Thank you very much for listening to the heavenly sounds
10,It's touching and touching
10,A sincere movie~ A movie with Kim Hojung's sincerity~ A heavenly voice~ It's such a touching movie. An hour and a half is too short
10,As expected! I can't forget Kim Hojung's voiceIt's so touching. It's the best
10,It's touching and fascinating
10,I'm touched and touched by your honesty
10,You're a great singer  I'm so touched. I miss you so much
10,Kim Hojung is the best.I want to go to the concert after my discharge next year I can't wait. I love you more than I do
10,Kim Hojung's luxurious voice. I'm touched
10,The story's musicality is the best.
10,It's so touching The song is great. The singer is great
10,I was so impressed by how you are
10,It's a movie where you can realize the true value of Kim Hojung of Tvarotti.But a singer who wants to see a live performance more
10,It's so touching He's such a good singer
10,It was touching to see Kim Hojung's amazing voice and honest expression
10,I'm so moved because I'm so nervous
10,The song is so touching
10,It's so touching no matter how many times I see it.Every word of the singer is full of affection and I'm thankful for him.
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it~^^
10,Kim Hojung of Tvarotti. Thank you for the broadcast. Tvnstory Bin Che
10,I make you love Kim Hojung more
1,It's too high
1,What's this--
1,What's this?
10,My wife likes it ^^
1,It's ironic that this is in the movie rankings.
1,-
1,Wow... Dog gangster
1,It's an exaggeration
1,This deserves to go down
1,Just for Kim Hojung's fans...
1,Sigh... I can't believe it
1,I want to give you minus 100 but it's too bad
1,You're so mean...
10,Thank you. It was Kim Hojung's first fan meeting. It was so touchingKim Hojung's emotional singing skills filled the stage and the audience. It was so touchingKim Hojung's life like a novel...Their stage manners filled with heavenly voices and their sincerity towards their fans. It was a movie that lacked everything
10,Thank you for giving us the best music
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
1,It's a score manipulation. What's this?
1,Everything really feels fake.
10,I think I'm singing sincerely
10,My heart is racing. Thank you.
1,I don't know why this is a movie.
1,Not really...
10,Is there any luck like this in my life?I was so happy
1,I'm tired of trot songs
10,It's touching. The song's direction is great
10,Kim Ho-joong's life story and his song make us look back on our lives
10,It was a great music video where Kim Hojung's voice color stood out and communicated with the fans
10,It's touching even when I see it over and over again.It's an honor to live in the same era as Kim Hojung's
10,I'm so touched to see and see.It's a beautiful time when you sing and show your sincerity like you exchange your soul
10,It's so touching to see you interacting with the fans from the process of preparing for the fan meeting
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting was the best  Your singing skills were the best and your fan signing was the best It was a performance that I will remember for a long time He's the best artist in Korea
10,It's better to see the fan meeting movie in 3D as if you're watching it in real life^^
10,It was touching. I really liked the sincerity of the singer who sincerely loves and supports him and gives thanks to the fansThe sound and video were great
10,It was nice to see the true side of a great singer
10,It's a happy world where stars and fans open up. It's a story that connects hearts and hearts
10,I loved the movie ~~ I'm so touchedcrying
10,It's the most touching. What does it mean?  I felt like I was washing away the dirt from my life
10,It's a touching movie where Kim Hojung's sincerity was delivered
8,Good. Variety
1,The story of an away gambler's draft dodging~ ♧
10,I was touched by his song with all my heartI wish you all the best
10,Thank you. I guess I was moved the most by your tears and runny nose while watching the drama or watching the movie. I'm watching the reruns. I support your dream and life
10,Kim Ho-joong communicates with fans as a singer with all his heart. It's a wave of emotion.A beautiful young man with a good influence.
10,I was touched the whole time His acting was good and his singing skills and the storyline was great I want to see you again and again The best singer's fan meeting movie is the best
10,I was so happy while watching the song that filled the stage with emotions and sincerity
10,The meeting between Kim Hojung and his fans is sincere and touching
10,I'm so into Kim Hojung's songs that touch my heart
10,Thank you. I'm touched every time I see you
10,Thank you. I'm so touched. Thank you so much for letting me watch. Hojung's heavenly voice is the best.   With an empty body~~~♡♡♡
10,It's so touchingIt's a movie with a story and a song in it. It's so cool and beautiful
10,Kim Ho-joong's first fan meeting movie was a touching movie that showed his true self.The genius singer's song and the love of the fans who support him made my heart flutter and I can't take my eyes off it until the end
10,Their passionate stage manners and charming BoA are touching the hearts of viewers
10,Kim Hojung is the best singer The best singer of my life
10,Kim Hojung's song touches my heart every time I listen to it
10,It happened at the arena fan meeting  It was a happy healing time with the feeling of reproducing that emotion
10,I think it was a time when everyone was happy while watching a beautiful music movie
10,The song is the best. It's my first time as a singer who sings this well
10,I was touched by the fans who wanted to communicate with the fans and absorb all the emotions of the emotions of the singers
10,I'm touched. I'm touched even after seeing it several times  Thank you for coming to us with Kim Hojung's song
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting movie. Thank you so much. Thank you It's good to see a real touching story where fans and singers meet safely through the fan meeting concert and give comfort and strength to each other. The fan meeting behind stories are also interesting I want to see Kim Hojung singing a real song and listen to it
10,It was a touching performance I was touched by your life story
10,Kim Hojung's fan music video. Thank you. I'm so touched
10,Kim Hojung has a unique voice. I was amazed and amazed.  I hope you're on a roll and I'll cheer for you.  I want to be a fan after watching the fan meeting video.
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of. I watch it again and againPlease show it to us often^^
10,I'm so touched by the fan meeting
10,The first fan meeting was so touching and teary I could feel Hojung's deep emotion and infinite love for the fans Thank you.
10,The fan meeting with Kim Hojung and ARIS was very touching
10,I was touched by the beautiful love between the artist and the fans and the healing song ·I'm so proud to be Kim Hojung's ARIS·I support you and love you Let's go together forever
10,It's a great movie where you can communicate your sincerity and emotions
10,You're a good singer It was touching
10,It was nice to see Kim Ho-joong's warm humanity and heavenly voice!
10,I saw the life of a sincere singerBe happy and always grow
10,Kim Hojung is a great singer. It was so touching.It was even better because I felt the sincerity of the singer and touched my heart the whole time.It was the best performance.
10,Kim Hojung. Tvarotti is the best singer who touches people's hearts with his singing voice
10,There will be endless progress in the future of the best singer Kim Ho-joong.
10,This is the best movie ever. Thank you. No one has ever done this before
10,Impress with the best songs.
10,I'm rooting for Kim HojungThank you. You're the best.
10,Kim Hojung's first fan meeting was so touching.  Genius singer Kim Hojung. I'm always rooting for you
10,The touching story of a genius singer and many fans who care about him. Which singer can communicate with fans so affectionately and desperately?
10,Thank you so much. I was so happy to spend a happy time watching the movie and I was so grateful Thank you for being beautiful and touching. I'm very satisfied and highly recommend it
10,It was so touching. It was so real He sang so passionately. It was a deep echoI look forward to and cheer for you to sing a lot of good songs
10,Your singing and expression are on a heavenly scale
10,Kim Ho-joong's Thank You Fan Meeting. Kim Ho-joong touched the whole nation with trot at a time when they had to stay home because of Corona. The movie was a touching story that singer and fans cried and laughed at each other during difficult times Kim Ho-joong and fans wanted to tell each other. It was so impressive.
10,Kim Ho Middle School's first fan meeting. Thank you. I'm tearing up. Thank you for being born
10,A movie where you can see Kim Ho-joong as it is on an undirected day.That's why it's a more shining and moving documentary film.
10,I recommend all the moving music video movies
10,It was so touching to see the pen meeting on the screen  It was so nice that I felt like I was watching everything from the side
10,You can see Kim Ho-joong's cool singing ability.
10,It's an impressive story about getting to know Kim Hojung's lifeI think I'll be remembered as a singer with great singing skills foreverI love and support the best artist of my life
10,It was a performance that was so touching that I can't express it in words I was confident that I could become a world-class artist
10,Well done for those who couldn't make itThe preparation process of the singer's stage manners and the evaluation of the fans. Everything is like watching the news. It's new to watch a lot of great movies
10,I am so happy when I watch "Thank You Screen X" by singer Kim Hojungni.It's the best gift.
10,It's Kim Hojung's concert itself  It's a heavenly voice with a high and rich voice  I believe you will become a global singer
10,It's a drama about the singer's honest stories and charismatic singing skills
10,I'm touched even after watching Kim Hojung's Manmet movie "Thank You" dozens of timesIt's the pride of Korea that you've never heard of before
10,The emotions of the scene were conveyed and the sincerity was felt
10,His voice that pierces through the lively screen that shows live performances...And the passion and love of ARIS fans in response. At least once. Living together makes me feel that my life that I've worked hard on is loved
10,Kim Hojung's voice touched my heart
10,Thank you. I'm so touched I'm touched every time I see it. Thank you
10,Thank you. I'm touched by Kim Hojung's great song and natural acting
10,Kim Hojung's stormy voice was touching~I could feel the goodness from the way you talk and the expression on your face. So I wanted to cheer for his future even more It was really nice that my heart got warm. It was a thankful movie. I strongly recommend it.^^
10,I'll always be rooting for you
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting. "Thank You" movie is touching
10,I was touched by Kim Hojung's song. I can feel his sincerity with every word he said I'm happier because I'm a fan of Hojung Let's stay together for a long time
10,The singer's sincerity touches your heart!It's so beautiful to see the fans being happy and comforted after a hard timeGenius singer Kim Hojung!Thank you for coming to us and giving us a lot of strengthI love you more than I do!♡♡♡
10,It's so touching like watching a movie at a movie theater. It's even more touching because I can watch it with my family
10,It's so touching like watching a movie at a movie theater. It's even more touching because I can watch it with my family
10,I'm so touched. It's great that the video is cool and the story is in it.
10,It was fun. I'll see you again next time
10,I'm cryingIt's so touching!
10,I really enjoyed the concert in my room
10,I want to give Kim Hojung's song to 1000 people.I think there will never be a song that will make your heart cry and get addicted
10,I'm touched that I can feel the real feeling of the concert hall as it is!  I look forward to meeting you at the concert soon
10,It's a fan meeting movie tailored to COVID-19I enjoyed the story and video without knowing that it was boring.
10,I'm touched because I can feel the sincerity of the main character
10,The stories and songs of singer Kim Hojung and his fans are touching
10,A rare musical film that gives a glimpse of the values and worldview of Han Singer's music
10,Kim Ho-joong's music and everything in his life are touching.  I really enjoyed it
10,It was Kim Hojung's first fan meeting. Thank you. It was touching I think I'm sincere about how I thank the fans while singing sincerely He sings so well and the performance time of an hour and a half went by quickly without getting bored. It was a movie that I want to watch again
10,It was the most touching moment. I miss you so much
10,It's so touching to hear Kim Hojung's live performance at the fan meeting
10,Kim Ho-joong's deep humanity and great singing ability. And the fans...  It's a movie in itself.It's the best movie ever
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting performance and behind-the-scenes stories are touching.It's a movie where you can feel the sincerity.I want to participate in the main concert next time.
10,Kim Hojung's skills and story are touching
10,an honest storyHe cherishes his fans deeply.His great singing skills touch my heart
10,It's such a touching movieI really liked the honest content with beautiful music and storiesIt was a time where my heart felt refreshed and healed because I had good singing skills
10,It's touching to see you sing sincerely
10,It touches my heart every time I see it He's an amazing singer who can touch people's hearts with his songs
10,I am so touched by Kim Ho-joong's solid basic skills and heavenly voice.I want to listen to more songs soon
10,Kim Hojung. Heavenly voice.  I was really impressed.
10,Thank you. The fan meeting was full of emotion and dignity. We were all the best as a family. Thank you for coming to us with great music. I love you and support you
10,The fanme music video created by the best fandom of the best singer
10,I'm touched. It's the best movie
10,Thank you. I'm touched every time I see you
10,It's a touching movie full of hidden masterpieces.
10,It's a touching movieI'm touched no matter how many times I watch it
10,It's full of realism and the impression was delivered as it is.
10,I attended the actual fan meeting and watched the movie. I'm touched againI am happy to be a fan of Kim Hojung ~
10,As expected~~~^^ Cool and pretty
10,Thank you so much. I'm touched the whole time.I was touched by the sincerity and sincerity of Kim Ho-joong's singer and the communication with the fans. The flow is good and the video is also the best...I focused and watched how time went by.
10,It's Kim Hojung's first fan meeting music video. It's the touching moment It's so touching to watch a meaningful music video
10,I'm touched every time I see it.Artist Kim Ho-joong's passion for his songs and sincerity in caring for his fans make me emotional. It's so touching to hear his high-quality song
10,The production is great and the visuals are greatI was happy to see my star It's so touching
10,You don't have to tilt your head Perfect personality. Okay. I love you  I got your back.
10,I was so touched by Kim Hojung's song
10,It was a moving music video where you can learn more about Kim Hojung
10,I was moved by watching it vividly as if I were seeing it in real life.  I was impressed more because I could feel the powerful voice of singer Kim Ho-joong.
10,It was a touching fan meeting where I could feel the love between the singer and the fans. It was a heart-warming time I always love you
10,Kim Hojung's Penmeeting Movie. Thank you. I was really touched  It's touching every time I see it. The number of participants who sing sincerely and the precious time of pens. That's love  I'm rooting for Kim Hojung
10,It's a shame that I didn't see it on the spot.I'll make sure to go to the concert.
10,The overall video quality was good and there were a lot of touching scenes
10,Thank you for being the best fan. Thank you for being so touched and full of love. Thank you for being happy during this difficult time of COVID-19
10,I can feel the sincerity of a singer  I'm touched
10,Kim Ho-jung's rich singing ability and wind sensibility combine to make the movie well composed without boredom from beginning to end
10,The quality was good. I focused on Kim Hojung's song and watched it with a thrill because the music was grand
10,I was deeply moved by his songs and ARIS's stories
10,It was so touchingIt's so touching. Thank you
10,I'm rooting for Kim Hojung's best singer. I love his magical voice
10,It's always touchingThank you. Thank you
10,You make my heart flutter no matter how many times I see you...Thank you
10,Kim Ho-joong is the only one who has the charm that touches everyone's heartstrings.It's basic to sing really well.You're the best singer that even touches my heart!
10,I was able to feel the love and affection for Kim Hojung's songs
10,Kim Hojung's heavenly voice. Thank you so much. I'm touched.
10,I'm so touched by Friday night when I got off work early  Thank you so much
10,I was moved by Kim Ho-joong's rich voice. I saw the sincerity of the singer who has lived his life with his whole heart
10,I was really touched while watching the show
10,A young man's life history and human stories with his fans. It's fun and touching
10,He's the best musician regardless of genre
10,Kim Hojung's voice rick resonates with his heavenly voice
10,It was so touching I want to see you again as if I've never seen you before
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting. I shed a lot of tears remembering how happy I was when I was one of the top fiveIt was the best healing time
10,The heavenly sound that you have never heard anywhere else with the best musicality is deeply touching.Your love for your fans gets thicker and it resonates in a way
10,It's touching the more I see itI can't believe you'really?
10,I'm rooting for Kim Hojung
10,It was so touching to see the fan meeting video on TV Thank you.
10,Kim Hojung's first fan meeting. I'm so touched
10,It's touching to see your hands
10,Thank you so much: Screen x lively and touching
10,Kim Hojung's touching song and the fans who love him are also amazing
10,I happened to see... No way! I know why they call it "heavenly voice."The voice is an instrument. And the emotions.I strongly recommend a concert movie that can comfort you
10,I felt like I was seeing him in personThe good influence that conveys happiness in the voice of an angel is transmitted to us from region to region to regionI'm going to join the army and watch the concert
10,I'm touched by your sincere singing and actingI'm looking forward to the actual performance after being discharged
10,I'm rooting for Kim Hojung
10,I'm rooting for KIM HOJOONG
10,I am so grateful for the tvN story because I can see the fan meeting performance of Kim Hojung that I really wanted to see Thank you so much I'll always watch tvN's story broadcasts
10,It was so touching that I could feel Kim Hojung's love for fans as well as well
10,KIM HOJOONG's song comment was so cool. The stage director's lighting was flawlessI'm sure that Hojung will be a great star as an actor
10,KIM HOJOONG is the best singer. I'm always rooting for you. Singers who give us happiness and excitement. Be happy and healthy
10,I support KIM HOJOONG
10,You're a great singerEverything was so moving
2,Kim Hojung. It's always touching
10,I can feel his love for Kim Hojung and Penn. His singing ability is amazing
10,Thank you. I'm thrilled with your heavenly voiceIt's the best movie everLet's give a round of applause to Kim Hojung as well!
10,It was the first movie that I watched in my life The thrill of the live concert is still coming. Loud voice and vocalization A combination of vocal music and trot that no one can match. This is the genre of Tvarotti Kim Ho-joong. Go higher into the world
10,The production was great and I wanted to compliment the idea of zooming in
10,I was touched the whole time to timeWho is this good at singing all kinds of songs? One vote for "Never"
10,I'm so touched when I watch it on TV againThank you.
10,I enjoyed watching it. I keep falling asleep♡
10,The touching fan meeting movie of singer Kim Ho-joong and his fans. It is a healing movie where time passes by quickly because of Kim Ho-joong's song
10,Kim Hojung's sincere heart to the fans with a song. The scenes warmed my heart and tears didn't dry up throughout the showIt was a touching story and the production went wellThe stage setting is great. It's an unforgettable movie
10,I really enjoyed it!~~~
10,I'm so touched.He is the best singer of my life.I will continue to support you as a singer who gives you happiness.
1,a rating review
10,I'm watching it on Netflix again. I'm touched every time I see it
10,I can feel the singer's love for his fans.Touching
1,That's true. Our fans are so mean. Let's be objective
1,Can a criminal come out in a movie?
10,I watch it at the theater and watch it on TV. I'm touched every time I watch it
1,There are a lot of crazy women
2,The seat belt is too formal on the car's moving   That's the same as not doing it. It's impossible to broadcast
1,It's a disease at this point. Does it make sense to be between the ratings of masterpieces?
10,Can it be better than this?It was good just to see him and every single song of him is a work of art
10,Thank you always and I will always support you.
10,It was the most touching movie I've ever seen
1,a typical gangster glorified Korean film
1,Trot ppasoon are amazing
10,It's so touching and I miss you because you sing so well
10,Thank you so much. It was great. I'm happy. I love you!
10,I think it's the most sincere movie I've ever seen.He sings so well.It's the best ♡♡♡
1,Get out of here
10,KIM HOJOONG's best musical performance. Best movie. I liked all of them
1,Trot girls are manipulating their ratings
10,I'm here to adjust my GPA. It's like watching a concert.It's a wave of emotion.Any movie is good to watch with a good heart.
1,I'm here to adjust my GPA.How is this rated higher than "Life is Beautiful"?
1,What's this? Out of the blue... Did the part-timers solve it? What's wrong with the GPA?
10,It was so touching  ~^^
10,It was so touchingI want to hear it live next time. It was a really happy time ^^
10,I was so happy to watch Kim Hojung's performance in a movie. Thank you very much to CGV staff for making a movie about Kim Ho-jung's touching fan meeting.
10,I loved the calm stories and song composition
10,Kim Hojung's songs are always touching
10,"Voice volume fans who are singing to me. There's nothing that's disappointing about the volume at the set." The cute puppy fans of the interview step confessed that they were hope. They were loved
10,Listening to the song with Hojung's story made me feel twice as touched. Hojung's songs are always touching.
10,It was nice to hear it live like at a concert. His voice is the best!
10,It was amazing. We enjoyed your performance.   You would have regretted it if you didn't watch it. ^^ It's the best
10,All of Kim Hojung's songs are good. Video clips and interviews with Hojung were all of them~~^^
10,I'm so touched Attractive singer! It was a happy time
10,I felt that Kim Hojung's voice was overwhelming the theater. I loved the story with the truth  · I'll always be cheering for you
10,Kim Hojung's singing ability is the best CGV Screen X. I was so touched by the grandeur It's the best
10,I'm touched every time I see it six times. It's a heavenly voice. I will be the pride of Korea. I'm sure you'll promote KMUSIC at the same time as the world's
10,It's so touching that it feels like I'm listening to a live performance
10,Kim Hojung's song gives me goosebumps. The theater is better than TV. I want to listen to his live performance at the concert
10,I watched the concert live twice that touched my heartI miss you again^^
10,A beautiful voice of a great young man who retains his warm humanity even in difficult circumstances!
10,It was so touchingMovie that I want to watch again
10,It was nice to experience screen X for the first time I was excited because it felt like Kim Hojung was talking quietly in front of me and singing for me.It was so touching
10,Kim Hojung has a touching story and the most important music is art
10,It's so touching. Their voice and musicality are the best
10,It's Kim Ho-joong's epic poem that sings with all his heart as if he's listening to it on the spot.
1,It's a disease... A disease!
10,It was touching to hear the singer's sincerityI'm always rooting for you with tears in my eyes
10,"Screen x 3 Heavenly Sound" Kim Ho-joong's voice wrapped around me and the screen filled with sincerity Kim Ho-joong was breathtakingly touching movie Thank you so much It was fantastic
10,It's a movie that I want to keep watching Hojung's songs and Penmeeting Story
10,There's nothing I've done It was so touching and I cried the whole time I watched it I want to thank everyone for giving me such a wonderful experience Kim Hojung is amazing  I'm so curious how far you can go
10,I am moved by Hojung Kim's songs and JinSoul's stories
10,I'm finally doing it. I want to compare and compliment Mr. Trot music video.
10,I miss you more even if I watch and watch Kim Hojung's music videoI'm so into Hojung's song that I can't get out of it Kim Hojung of Tvarotti is the best
10,The song is so nice and touching Kim Hojung is the best
10,I miss Kim Hojung already
10,Touching. There's nothing else to replace
10,Kim Hojung's "Thank You" movie makes me want to watch it again because my emotional line collapses while I'm feeling emotional
10,You are the best singer of Kim Hojung. I watched a movie with my husband and he loves it Kim Hojung is the best
10,I followed my friend and became a fan of Hojung I've fallen for his authentic and appealing singing skills I could understand why the word "loving genre" came out I got your back.
10,It was touching to see him sing so passionately and I was surprised by the grandeur of the production
10,Kim Hojung of Tvarotti? I'm rooting for you. I love you   The genius of sound is clear. I was moved by tears and excitement in the midst of emotional explosion
10,Thank you. It's a luxury movie that makes you confess that it's you! I think it's a blessing to get to know a singer named Kim Ho-joong and to be able to listen to his beautiful song during this difficult time. It's a new and touching movie every time I watch it
10,It was a touching and healing movie. Thank you. It was the best time
10,I watched a movie on Screen X for the first time in my life and it was a special experience.Most of the audience couldn't stand up even after the movie was over with tears. It was the best!
10,It was so touching
10,It was touching.I recommend it to those who haven't seen it.
10,It's so touching~~^^
1,Why isn't this person coming out these days? You were good at singing. Is there a problem? I can't do this unless it happens.
10,Thank you. The genre that only Hojung can do was perfect in every way
10,I was able to feel the emotion of the fan meeting once again. I was touched by each song The 3D screen was filled with that feeling I'm touched even when I see it again
10,I'm touched. It's a movie where I can feel your sincerity towards the fans
10,It was so touchingIt's a documentary that makes you cry and laugh
10,KIM HOJOONG's song heals my heart and touches my heart
10,Kim Hojung is the best It's so touching
10,Kim Ho-joong's song "The Heavenly Reunion" was so impressive and touching that the movie cost was not a waste The unrivaled national singer was born!
10,It was so touchingThank you. Fighting!
10,It was a great production where the singer sang right in front of her in three dimensionsI think I can even touch my face if I stretch out my hand.Touching from the sound! The joy that I felt for the first time! Forever my singer! Kim Hojung! I love you!
10,The movie "Thank You" by Kim Ho-joong is so touching. It was a really wonderful movie that made me feel touched throughout the movie.Thank you for letting me watch a good movie
10,Thank you. I'm so touchedI miss you again
10,I was so immersed and moved that I couldn't breathe
10,The best singer in existence!He can sing various genres with dignity.The day will surely come when it becomes the best in the world.
10,It was really touching. It was nice to hear about the extended screening. I really wanted to see it at least once.
10,I couldn't be more touched!  I recommend that you watch it as if it's the best movie
10,Kim Hojung's song is the best!His voice echoing through the screen X is fantasticHow can you sing so well with so many different voices?  It's amazing and touching!
10,It's a movie that I want to watch over and over again.It's so touching.
10,Why am I crying while listening to the song?It was a very touching and happy timeI was proud to be a pen
10,My mom loved it
10,It's the best feeling to receive a double gift from the fan meeting that I didn't expect
10,It's full and touching  The song is perfect. 1000 points
10,The performance of a singer is amazing and amazing I was touched that the singer's sincerity was delivered as it is. Thank you to everyone who made this great movie possible. I hope more people can watch it
10,I think this kind of movie will come out again.I was so touched.
10,Kim Hojung's first fan meeting. I'm so touched
10,We captured the atmosphere of the fan meeting on the screen and we were very moved by the atmosphere that felt like we were actually there
10,I'm getting touched by the fan meeting again
10,It was so human and touching
10,Thank you Kim Ho-joong for meeting on the big screen! It's a wave of touching music genres.It's like a real fan meeting
10,I feel the thrill of being touched with my whole body every time I watch it Being honest. Everything was good
10,It's a very touching moment I hope you will stay with us as singers who give happiness with your songs for a long time. I love you ♡ Fighting!!!♡♡♡
10,It was touching ^^ It was a happy time^^
10,The touching fan meeting music video is so touching I'm rooting for Kim Hojung
10,Kim Ho-joong sings all 13 songs. It's like a concert. The sound is so good and the video quality is amazing. It's different from regular movies because it's screen x production from the beginning. It was just like we were at a concert on set. It's amazing.
10,My son and I watched a moving movie together. I watched it twice with my friend
10,It was so nice that the camera turned 360 degrees to film Hojung
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting. I'm tearing up. I'm always rooting for you. Be successful!
10,It's so touchingI'm a little short of 5 pointsIt's the best if there are two vocal parts. That's a bummer~~
10,I felt with my heart that every scene was sincere
10,Kim Hojung's song is the best!
10,It's so touching every time I see itI'm going to go to Centum for room 8
10,I can feel the shivers in my body. It's so touching
10,Watching Kim Hojung's heavenly voice on screen x was the first and touching experience   It was a great memory
10,Who do you think you'll be able to sing.You can't compare... You're so human. You're so touched.good!!
10,I'm so touched. How much I cried while watching. Not to mention my singing skills
10,Kim Hojung's song on Screen X is touching
10,I'll be waiting for you. Don't worry You're always doing well. I love youThe movie was very good and I was impressedI'll always keep an eye on you like now
1,In my life...That's not right
2,There's no answer for black friends
10,It's the best view since it's Screen X! I'm so moved. I'm crying!
1,Is there a zero rating...?
10,It was a time when I was touched by Kim Ho-joong's grand voice.
10,The story and the video were very good.It was nice to be able to feel the impression that I didn't feel at the concert.
1,Enjoy your teuroteu
10,I liked all the sound videos that made me feel like I was watching Kim Hojung's live.
10,Kim Hojung's fan meeting movie Thank you so much Screen X's magnificent and elegant voice that reminds us of a concert. The overwhelming emotion that filled the scene still lingers in my mind  I made a reservation to watch it again tomorrow
1,Wow! There are people who pay to watch this...
1,I'm speechless. Speechless
10,Feels like I'm watching Carnegie Hall's concert. Kim Ho-joong's singing ability and touching story. The orchestra accompaniment's heavenly reunion is heart-stopping!  My main job is the best!
1,It was a waste of time. I like Lim Young Woong better
10,I don't need to say anything else. It's so touching^^
1,I don't know what to say
1,I don't know what to say
1,I don't know what to say
1,I don't know what to say
1,I don't know what to say
10,It was so touching to be with you at the actual concert.  Excellent choice on screen x. Kim Hojung of Tvarotti. Thank you
10,I watched it four times with my daughter~~~ I was happy because I felt different emotions every time I saw it.
1,What's your father doing? I'm a gangster
10,The song and the communication with the fans were so touching
10,KIM HOJOONG's songs are powerful  It's the sound that touches my heart I sincerely hope that you'll remember this artist for a long time
10,It's like going to a concert in person.The sound quality was really touching
10,It's a movie that shows why Kim Ho-joong is becoming a big issue. It's a movie that I remember for the rest of my life.
10,It was so touching.
10,Thank you for watching it on Screen X. Kim Hojung. Best music video ever. Best music video. Music story acting. Everything is perfect. A time to feel the whole truth. Thank you. It was a happy time to feel the emotion and thrill. It was touching
10,It was a really touching movie.I want to see you again.I love you more than I do.
10,It was a really happy time.Drenched in Kim Ho-joong's warm emotional voice~~♡ We support greater honor and blessings by staying with you until the end.
10,It felt like the sound was right thereI was touched and healed
4,The music video is well made But why beautify a gangster?And why is the night of humans who don't die ruined?
10,Kim Hojung's first fan meeting. I loved the overwhelming screen like watching the live broadcast
10,The overwhelming scale is still in 3D that feels like we're in a great direct concert hall
10,The overwhelming 3D screen that shows Kim Hojung's true self was touching
10,I really liked the overwhelming 3D screen footage It feels like I'm listening to a song on the set of a singer
10,The singer's voice is at the highest level when he sings emotionally like this way.
1,Thank you
10,I could feel Kim Hojung's sincerity
10,It was so touching
10,I'm really flabbergasted. I felt like I was at a concert. It's more than I expected.
10,I'm touched by the songThe best singer ♡♡
1,What a sucker for a criminal. Wow.the new Republic of Korea
10,A magical video that comes to mind every time I see it
1,How come there's no away gourd?
10,Kim Hojung. A beautiful story made by the sincere fans of the singer. A movie that you want to watch and hear over and over and over again
10,The movie ended without knowing how time went by while being touched by the voice of the stars. I watched the movie with the same emotion when I re-watched it. I'm going to watch it one more time before the end of the show. Star = Touching.
10,I loved the video and sound that delivered the liveliness of the fan meeting
10,It's so touching Kim Hojung is the best! His songs are the best!
10,An hour and a half passed by in a blink of an eye and I was mesmerized by the reality as if I were at KBS Arena.
1,Live me.
1,You can't glorify a gang
10,It was a time to soothe the disappointment of not being able to go to the fan meeting. It was more touching than any other movie. I am so touched that I can feel that Hojung and Aris are family
10,I couldn't get up from my seat until the movie was over and the last caption went upIs it a touching movie?^^
10,Kim Ho-joong's "Thank You" has the magical power to make people who haven't been to the theater for more than 30 years step on the doorstep.I applaud the people who worked hard to make this movie and singer Kim Ho-joong for showing sincerity to us.
10,It was so cool and it's the best. I'll never forget it.^^
10,The genre is Kim Hojung. Kim Hojung. The unrivaled presence that raised the standard of K-pop. Thank you for the movie
10,His voice is amazingIt's different from what you see on TV
10,Kim Hojung's great performance was so touching.
1,You'll be quiet if you raise water and run into the army
4,No fun. No fun. Just no fun. It was fun. Comment part-time
10,It's a meaning that it's good to see it once
10,It's a song that completely stole people's hearts. You're so cool. Thank you
10,Kim Hojung. I've seen you twice and I miss you again Welcome to the extended showThe singer's voice is so touching that I want to see you again and again
1,There are people who really pay to watch this in theaters It's just funny. The GPA part-timers
10,It was so touching when I sang "Heavenly Reunion" It's a movie where you can see Kim Hojung's sincerity I recommend that you watch it on Screen X
10,It's so touching. Thumbs up for your singing skills
10,It was a touching movie that I wanted to watch again
10,It was great to see Kim Hojung's voice and daily life without any pretense and the visual beauty was also the best
10,Kim Ho-joong's voice is amazing. I really wanted to hear more. And it was a happy time because I felt my personality was good.
10,You're the best. There's nothing more to say
10,Kim Hojung's life and beautiful songs are touching. It's healing and happy Kim Hojung's clear and velvety voice is so luxurious and beautiful Which instrument can make such a beautiful sound?
10,It's the best gift for ARIS who missed the fan meeting
10,He has the greatest singing ability.Why are you coming to us now?My forever singer!!!
10,It's a fascinating movie with Kim Hojung's life and singing skills
10,I watched it five times. I want to see you again.
1,A single star is a waste for draft dodgers.
10,It was so touching.I felt like I was at a fan meeting. I didn't want to wake up because I felt like time went by.I'm going to watch the behind-the-scene performance again
10,Kim Ho-joong's song is really touching.I couldn't get up after the movie.
10,It was fascinating. I want to see it again
1,I can't believe I'm seeing this kind of thing; my country is a long way off.
2,It's the shortest-ever controversy. It's nothing more than glorifying celebrities
10,It was so touchingI couldn't help but admire Kim Ho-joong's songs and well-directed story and videoThe behind-the-scene story behind the stage gave us a lot of funThank you very much
1,I want to give you 11 points ^^
10,I keep thinking of the singer's face and song. I didn't know when it started and it ended quickly.It was perfect.
10,I'm touched. My heart is touched.a touch of tearsI wish Kim Hojung good health and glory.~ With an empty body!
10,I appreciate you You edited it so well on the CGV I get a shudder when I'm in heaven. I go every day until it's over
10,Kim Hojung is amazing. I get chills all over my body
10,A voice that really touches my heart!
10,The first fan meeting video of a national treasure singer who sings really well was very touching^^ story and song production were good too
10,I was moved by the video and sound that filled the screen
10,It was a time of tears and healing because I was so touched by Kim Hojung's song
10,It's touching as if you're watching the fan meeting on the site·
10,It was so touching to see you singing with sincerity and sincerity right in front of the screen I'm glad it was Hojung's pen. I was happyMy heart is blank
10,It feels like watching a concert. Hojung is the best
1,It's not good. It's not fun.Hah!
10,Watching a concert on video would be another touch
1,It's N and J
10,I realized that he's a great person because of his sincere heart
10,The Kim Ho Jung Heaven Reunion was so amazing that I couldn't express it in words
10,I had a great Chuseok Thank you so much! Thank you so much!It's a movie that shows the power of music
10,It was the best movie that I could not add to the movie song that I want to see when I turn around and watch with sincerity throughout the whole time I watch it as if I were watching a concert
1,It's a world where movies come out. It's a lot
10,You are the person who gives me happiness. My singer that I can't express in words anymore.
10,The singer's desperate voice and touching stage honest stories that make you feel like you're watching at a concert hall.It's so touching that I'm crying. It's the best
10,It's a very touching performance.I've been ecstatic. I've been missing you.
10,It was overwhelming because I could enjoy the impressions of the fan meeting site on the large screen and enjoy the overwhelming voice and excellent singing skills. It was refreshing and touching to get a glimpse of the humane singer Kim Ho-joong behind the stage.
10,It was a very touching performance.Kim Hojung and Aris Forever!☆
10,Everything was wonderful and touching.♡♡♡
10,It was so touching.To the point where I miss you...
10,I watched it with my 73-year-old husband. I was touched by Kim Ho-joong's sincerity and his singing skills  It comforted me a lot during difficult times
10,It's so touching.It makes me feel sad.I've never been comforted by anyone.Hojung's song is.It's such a big comfort.
10,"Thank you". I'm Kim Hojung of TvarottiIt has a magical voice and sensitivity that makes you feel sentimentalI can still hear the sound of the heavenly reunion
10,It felt like I was at a fan meeting event The sound effects are amazing. "The Heavenly Reunion" is a beautiful song that takes your breath away It's the best.
10,Thank you for touching and healing me even if I see you all the time. I strongly recommend it to everyone!
10,Kim Hojung's rich voice and singing with all my heart through the screen made me feel like I was at a concert I can feel the diction while singing my heart out. I know why you call me Kim HojungIt's too short
10,The singer's sincere and heavenly voice that tries to repay the fans is touching.We're sending endless support to Kim Hojung.
10,Thank you. It was like watching the first fan meeting movie in your life. It was a movie with a vivid sense of realism and emotion
10,I watched it one more time because it left lingering feelingsIt was so nice to see something new every time I saw itThe best thing among them was that I could feel the sincerity of Kim Hojung's fans^^
10,Thank you at a time when COVID-19 is getting tired. Kim Hojung's first fan meeting. It was a welcome rain video for us who are skinny~Thank you^^♡
10,It was so touching and I couldn't stop crying
1,I didn't get caught gambling
10,It was so good that the truth of delivering to the public through touching stories and songs that encompass generations seemed to bloom again in my heart~^^ Should I call it a mental endorphin?~~
10,I went with my middle school daughter. It was as vivid as if I were at a concert. It felt like Hojung was singing right next to me. I was so happy
10,I'm so touched♡
10,I'd like to thank ARIS for being a great partner to successfully finish Hojung's fan meeting  I'm so touched by the beautiful love of Hojung Byul and ARIS  Can we love each other this beautifully? Of course! I'm a fan who wants to share a great life with you  I registered for the first time in my life. Haha ♡♡
1,Go to the army properly. You're exaggerating
1,Um... I have something to say.
10,It was so touching.crying
2,All the part-timers are complimenting. Out of 10 points
10,It was the best...^^
10,Kim Hojung is the best.  Thank you for the good song
2,I'm so impressed that I want to give Hyodor a present
10,I felt like I was at a concert right now  The song is so good. It's touching and fun. It has everything  It was so nice~♡♡
10,It's my first time watching a movie with both hands I was touched by Kim Hojung's song
10,It was a movie that really felt like a fan meeting. The song is the best. It's touching
1,Who's the GPA part-timers? That's too much. --
2,Oh! ^^ 688 people.
10,I cried my eyes out because I was so moved by movies and music
1,It's not funny...
10,I went to see you on Chuseok with my husband  It's a touching project. I compliment you I was always thirsty for Kim Hojung's songs. It was so touching I hope you do well in your military service and listen to this amazing song soon
10,It's so touching It was nice to see the concert in personalityKim Ho-joong showed the aspect of Korea's best singerThank you all for your hard work
10,I loved the movie that gave me joy at this time of year
10,It was so nice to be able to watch and listen to Kim Australia's behind story. It's just unfortunate that there's no poster in the movie theaterIt was a shame that people who don't know can't choose like other movies
10,It feels like I'm at a fan meeting eventI was so touched that I mistook it for meeting Hojung in personally I want to watch it one more time
10,I'm touched even though I watch it several times
10,Screen x Watching video and sound are so good. It's like a concert for me
10,Thank you. It's more than I expected
10,Kim Hojung's sincerity in singing touched my heart. He sang so well. It was all good
10,It was so touching.
2,Please stop being such a jerk. Please
10,I'm so touched. You can feel the true value of Kim Hojung
1,Singing movie is ridiculous
10,I think people who don't know Kim Hojung will fall in love with the song. It feels like I went to a good concert on an autumn day.
10,It's so touching. It's even better when you watch it with your family^^
10,The vividness of the fan meeting and the sound of the video and beauty add to the emotion I'm even more touched by the excitement of the singer behind the stage and the gratitude for the fans The Heavenly Reunion is so amazing
10,All I can say is Kim Hojung
10,Tvarotti Kim Hojung's amazing singing skills and honest humanity.It's the best gift this fall.
10,The sincerity of a singer and how he feels about his fans. I was touched by his outstanding skills
10,It was a very interesting and moving movie
10,I wonder how long Hojung has been waiting for this performanceHow overwhelming would it be?I was able to relate to Hojung's emotions and watched it.My heart sank the whole time I watched it
10,I was touched by every moment.I couldn't take my eyes off it for an hour and a half...I can feel Kim Hojung's sincerity and he sings so well.It was the best...
10,I watched it for 3 days!I miss you again!You're the one that's as touching as the reality. Thank you
10,It was touchingA bucket of tears!
10,It gives a gentle impression.
10,Watch it on Screen X I miss you again
10,I'm still moved
10,Everything was good. It's a day when Kim Ho-joong gets better. I highly recommend it.
10,Kim Ho-joong is the star of the Korean trot world. I'll grow the most. I hope you prepare step by step so that you can perform like Na Hoon-a.
2,I didn't get to see it properly because I was sleepy
10,Thank you. I can't forget that emotion at the fan meeting. Thank you for the movie. I hope I can be the twinkling star of the singer
10,Thank you so much. It was very touching.Thank you to everyone who produced this movie.Each line of Hojung's song shook my heartstrings and made me feel sad. It was so nice to see you on screen X
10,It's a movie where everything is combined and it's moving and everyone's hard work has been warmly delivered
10,It was so touching.
10,I am the 18th generation descendant of the Ulsan branch of the Kim clan of Gyeongju. A man never forgets his roots. I pay attention to the consistent appearance since I was a student and not forgetting my initial intention.
10,I'm touched by both singers and fandom
10,Thank you for letting me see Kim Ho Joong's voice that touches my heartstrings in the movie theater. He even showed us the behind-the-scenes story. I'm so touched·I want to see you again·
10,It's going to be more touching if you listen to it on the spot. The composition of the video is the best. I want to see it again
10,It was so touching
10,I wanted to say that I want to say that
10,I felt like I was seeing you on the set Kim Hojung is the best singer
10,The song is... Surprised!!!
10,It's so touchingIt's the 4th episodeHojung's emotions are probably 100 years aheadIt was fun and touching I really recommend it
10,It is more grand and touching than the concert hall. I enjoyed talking about the behind-the-scenes stories. I enjoyed the high quality music
10,Thank you for welcoming a touching performance with a movie during a hard time due to COVID-19. I was touched throughout the movie It's a good movie if you all watch it
10,It's more than something you've never felt before It's amazing how human voices resonate so loudly
10,I saw the concert myself.The movie is even more touching.It's the best.
10,I just enjoyed the movie.I am proud to be a fan of Hojung.Thank you for being with us.
10,It's so touching. The song is amazing
10,I think I've never seen such a moving movie about a person's life story.I was touched the whole time.I really want to cheer for you until the end.It was the best.
10,It is a work completed by a movie fan and singer who showed Kim Ho-joong's sincerity.You can feel the voice of Kim Hojung
10,I got emotional from the first song~I cried and laughed. I don't know how time went by~The song still lingers in my mind^^
10,Left and right. The sound of the song played by the emotional voice on the screen. Tears that come to my eyes without realizing it. Let's make up for yourself who had a hard time during the Chuseok holiday
10,You can fully enjoy Kim Ho-joong's song and the story is touching.
10,Kim Hojung's "Fan Me" movie is touching I'm so moved and I'm tearing up tears of emotion A collaboration between artist Kim Ho-joong and Aris
10,I've never seen such a meaningful movie in my lifeStory videos and music are definitely the bestI strongly recommend this kind of movie during holidays
10,I felt like I was listening to the concert.It was so touching.I'm going to watch it again through Screen X
10,The fact that a documentary film can be this fun and exciting still makes me feel excited. It's a movie I want to watch again I was so touched by the concert scene It's so touching The congratulatory message from ARIS was also impressive
10,The video and sound... I was so ecstatic that I criedI'm going to make time to watch it again
10,I saw a great concert. I fell in love with you more as a fan It's going to be a global Tvarotti
10,It felt like I was enjoying the touching moment at the front of the concertI'm overwhelmed by Kim Hojung's voice and singing
6,I want to have a long time to sing.
10,That was the best movie
1,Isn't it a trot singer? It's not that
1,I just don't like it... Only the fans can see this
10,It felt like we were doing a great concert with a high sense of realismIt was nice to see you backstage.I fell in love with Kim Ho-joong's singing.^^
1,LOL What's this? The rating
10,I was thrilled and moved by Kim Ho-joong's amazing singing skills
10,It's so touching  I felt like I was thereIt was such a happy time to listen to Hojung's song on such a big screen
10,It's so touching
10,It was so touching I want to see you again
10,Kim Hojung's movie "Thank You" I could feel Kim Hojung's unique singing ability and rich voiceHer clear and beautiful voice touched my heart and touched my heartI was able to feel the liveliness in the videoIt's a movie that I want to watch again
10,The screen that gave us the impression of the fan meeting!We clapped and enjoyed the wonderful stage of Kim Ho-jung. It's the first time I've tasted a singer's movie!Thank you! The most touching!
10,It was a movie that proved that he was a very big singer. It was touching to see Hojung in the first row on the first day.♥?
10,It was so touching.
10,It's so touching
10,It's so touchingThe lively screen and the screen that looks like we're at the concert. Hojung's song is so touching that I can't express it in words
10,I think it's more impressive and memorable than family friends or movies that I want to watch alone
10,Kim Ho-jung's song has a sense of desperation.No one can sing with their whole body.
10,It was such a happy time with my mother.The song was good and it felt like we were together in a video with our fans.It was good to be a comfort and energy to many people during difficult times.
10,I saw Kim Hojung's "Thank You". It feels like I'm at a fan meeting. I love this song
10,It's exactly what I saw at the fan meeting.I watched it twice.
10,It's a movie I want to watch again It was so touching. The scene of the reunion was the best
10,I spent Chuseok this year through "Thank You" movies I'm so touched
10,It was so touching and I really liked it.
10,I was touched because I could feel Kim Hojung's sincerity towards the fans And I'm so touched by the fans' love  Not to mention his songs It was as grand as if we were at a real fan meeting
10,I was able to feel the sincerity of the singer. The singing skills and the flow of the fan meeting were good. It was a touching music video movie where I was able to feel how thankful you were to the fans
10,It was so touchingI went to two fanmeets and went to the theaterI miss you every time I see you I want to keep it
10,I'm so touched! The song is really a legend
10,Kim Hojung. A powerful song. It's touching
10,You sing so well I got your back.
10,I'm so touched I was touched to hear something that I didn't see at the fanmeeting  I was happy to know how Kim Hojung felt towards her fans I will support you as a fan forever
10,Couldn't be better for a fan.
10,Hojung's concert was so touching  ~  Thank you.♡♡
10,I'm so touched. I'm so touched  It's been two days in a row. It's been touching and crying ♡
10,It was so touchingI was happy to make you calm down~~~
10,Thank you so much for being bright and caring for our fans ~^^
10,A movie that you want to watch again even after watching it.  a heavenly voice  a healing voice  Time flies like an arrow.  I should go watch the concert after I'm discharged
10,I'm touched. It was a new shock
10,I'm sure it's more than a fan meetingIt's a performance that only sings for me. It's so touching
10,It was so touching and touching to feel the greatness of stars
10,It was so touchingI thought it would be nice if my mom and dad lived togetherI was jealous of the people who came with their familiesYou won't regret it
10,It was so touching. It's a comforting song and story thumbs up. I want to share my emotions with other people.
10,Video sound story is good. I wish I could add more songs
10,It's touching the more I see it^^~♡♡♡ I love you and support you♡♡♡
10,Both the song and the voice are enchanting
10,Hojung's singing up close-up Hojung singing. a teary eyes. Backstage. I was sad that time went by quickly with various stories like Bongpal  Please do a lot of concerts when you're discharged
10,Kim Hojung's singing ability that draws attention to the audience. His appealing voice that no one can follow. His singing ability that pierces the ceiling was amazing~♡♡♡
10,It's touching to watch it again.
10,Great singing skills. I enjoyed the best performance thanks to the sound. Kim Hojung is the best
10,The sisters saw it twice and I want to see it again every time I see it again
10,Thank you for making the concert stopThank you for being happy with Southwest ARISIt's a waste to express how touched I am?♡
10,It was more touching and better than any movie I've ever seen.I was so happy the whole time.
10,It's more touching than the fanmeat scene
10,I was touched again because the emotions from the fan meeting came out as it was. A movie that will be remembered forever. Thank you
10,Thank you. It's touching
10,I was touched by Kim Hojung's sincere song
10,I'm so touchedThank you. I always love you!
10,It was so touching. I laughed and cried with Kim Hojung because I was so touched that I saw him twice.Kim Hojung's true desire to share and live together remains in my heartI hope you will always be by our side as a singer.
10,It's the first time I've ever felt my emotions echoing with the sound of music until I get this old enoughI was touched by the echo of the fan meeting eventIt was a video that I wanted to watch again
10,The movie is so touching KIM HOJOONG sings so well and it's touching. I cried and laughed while watching it. I enjoyed it
10,Kim Ho-joong's heavenly voice is like a national treasure. There was a deep echo and the singer and the fans were one family. I'm touched.
10,The combination of the purple waves cheering at the fan meeting site and the heavenly voice of Kim Ho-jung singer is touching.
10,It was so touching
10,It's touching from the beginning to the endKim Hojung's "Heavenly Reunion" gave me goosebumps. All the songs were so touching
10,It was a moving bodyI'll see you again!
10,It feels like I just came back from a concertI want to see it again
10,It was so touching. Top
10,It's a movie where you can feel emotions and shivers all over your body I strongly recommend it!
10,It's so touching It was a happy time
10,Thank you. It was so nice to see you on Screen X as if you were at a fanmeeting event Everything was the best
10,The directing is great and the singer's story is greatI love the overall story. It's sophisticated
10,It's a heavenly voice. I saw it twice and I can feel the thrill
10,I was touched as if I was at a story fan meeting
10,Thank you and thank you.It's very touching.
10,It was a movie full of Kim Hojung's outstanding emotions and deep emotions^^~ It was so touching that I wanted to see it again^^~~I'll continue to support you^^~~
10,It was more touching than I expected. The behind-the-scene story was fun and the sound was good Two unreleased songs are breathtaking I'm 100% sure that you're going to watch it again
10,I couldn't hide my happiness because I could listen to Kim Hojung's sincere and elegant song It's touching.It's a movie that I want to watch over and over again^^
10,Thank you for the song Heavenly Reunion hurts my heart and I love you more than I do. Thank you for the song like a grandmother's gem. I didn't know when the time went by  It was touching
10,Everything was perfect. I'm tearing up with the sincerity of the singer and the passion of the fans. Thank you  I'm so glad to see this kind of movie
10,Fantasy with fantastic screen and great songs by singers
10,It's been a long time since I saw a moving record movie.
10,It's a movie that shows the truth of singer Kim Hojung
10,It's the best movie of the year that contains both fun and emotion
10,I was so touched and happy
10,The impressive voice of the video singer was amazing
10,It's like a movie that's more interesting than a movie. It's so touching.It's so touching.
10,Kim Ho-joong's voice and voice are so good that time flew so fast. I wanted to see it again because I was so sad.It was so touching~~~
10,I'm touched. The movie that made me meet a great singer. Thank you.
10,I was touched while listening to the song
10,Thank You is a documentary film with a strong story and a magnificent Kim Ho-joong song  I was really impressed.
10,It was nice to be able to feel the emotions of the reality through Screen X
10,Kim Hojung's screen x stage grip and magnificent stage was so touching. I wanted to see it again.Top
10,It felt like I was listening to a song at a concert. It was touching
10,It's very realistic and touching to see you on Screen X
10,It's like we're at a concert. Kim Ho-joong singer will go higher and further.It was such a good time. I can feel your sincerity. I think it will last for a long time
10,Tvarotti Kim Hojung's first pen meeting. It's a touching movie that clearly shows the wide spectrum of Kim Hojung's music
10,It was the most touching and happy time of my life It's a movie that you want to watch again and again
1,a movie celebrating the 60th birthday of old ladies
10,It was so touching and nice~~
10,It was the best. I want to see it again
10,It was great. The song was great and I was happy
10,It was very realistic and very touching.It feels like time flew by
10,I couldn't leave even though the movie was over
10,Kim Hojung's song comforted meIt feels like you're at a concert. Singing genius who endured pain and came by our side. I hope you stay by our side as a singer for a long time
10,Everything about singer Kim Hojung was touching.I go to see one more time with my friends.I strongly recommend it!
10,My heart flutters all the time.The sensitivity is the best. Laughing and clapping.It's nothing to say about singing skills.Top.
10,Hojung will be the greatest king of this era to succeed Na Hoon-a
10,Mom and son are enjoying their ears.
10,I'm touched. It was a happy timeI miss you again
10,It's a very moving and recommended movie
10,It was touching  Thank you for the song.
10,I can't stop crying
10,Teary tears in the heavenly reunion.Immersion is the best. No boredomIt feels like it's already over.I feel like I'm at a concert.Listen to it.
10,I criedI love the sound
1,Oh... Seriously!  I don't have a feeling.
10,It was so touching that I wanted to see it again.  The best singer Kim Ho-joong's parents' Chuseok gift will be the best filial gift.  I strongly recommend it. ^^
10,I'm so touched.Kim Hojung! You're the best.
10,I got a lot of healing listening to Kim Hojung's songs. The song that I sang with tears in the eyes of a singer still lingers in my heart.
10,It was as touching as if we were at a concert
10,There's really no need for words. It's the best Chuseok gift.
10,Kim Hojung's warm emotions and delicate expressions. The grandeur of the storm's voice is placed in the right place for the elements to impress.
10,Kim Hojung's singing skills and sincere interviews are touching I strongly recommend it
10,I'm touched. It's the best
10,I've received a lot of healing through Kim Hojung's songs. I'm always thankful for his stories while preparing for this music video. Kim Hojung's personality and amazing singer who sincerely conveys emotions. Kim Hojung. Thank you
10,It's so touching.Kim Hojung's first fan meeting movie is the best Chuseok gift.
10,I participate in the touching fan meeting with a happy heart
10,I was happy to see the concert at the theaterAnd it was so touchingI miss you again
10,I watched it with my younger brother and it was so touching that I missed him again
10,I really enjoyed it I was so happy that I lost track of time because you sang so well
10,It's so touching. I want to see it again.
10,It's such a moving and unforgettable movie
2,No one left a comment. Why did you write that? Why are you so fast with a problematic person?
10,It's just the feeling I felt at the fan meeting
10,I couldn't be better because I was a fan of your singing ability. I missed you!
10,It's touching and the song is so good
10,I'm so touched. I want to see it again
10,I couldn't breathe and concentrated the whole time. I'm touched
1,Why does the girl only eat sweet potatoes?
10,It's the best. It's so touching
10,I went to see my daughter and I was so touchedTime went by so quickly I want to see it again It was great.
10,It's twice as touching as I saw it on Screen X
10,Thank you. I'm so touched that I booked a video for tomorrow
10,Watching Kim Ho-joong's movie on Screen X screen made my eyes and ears feel happy.The magnificent sound of music made me think I was listening to an opera.It was touching to see the back of the stage and talk about the truth^^
10,It's a touching drama that you can't watch without tearsIt's touching even if you listen to it every day
10,How do you feel at a concert because you haven't seen it? I was so happy because it felt like I was at a concertI think I should watch this movie again next time
10,I really recommend it! The best song and even the touching moments!I highly recommend it. It's so touching
2,Go to the army first. You have to live a nice life. You can't betray me.
10,I'm so touched. My healing and painful heart healed.I'm going again tomorrow.  I am happy to have Kim Hojung singer.
10,A wave of emotionsIt's too sad to see it just once
10,It was touching.  The communication between the singer and the fans was good to see and I was happy to listen to high-quality songs with high-quality videos and sounds.Time flew and I didn't want to leave afterwards.
10,Kim Ho-joong is a singer who fits better on a big stage! It was a stage that gave a big resonance.
10,Screen X technology and meeting singer Kim Hojung were perfect The best masterpiece that combines cold digital with warm human voice!I fell in love with Kim Hojung even more^^
10,It is a movie that fans must watch. It is a movie that shows singing skills and sincerity. It is a movie that has both touching and laughing I'm going to cheer for you until you become a global singer
10,I was touched from the start. I was so immersed that I didn't even know when 80 minutes passed. I don't think I'll be able to forget the moving movie that showed my gratitude for the fans in the song
10,The touching fan meeting music video that I want to see again is the best!
10,Kim Ho-joong is a gift to us in this era.
10,I just like Kim Hojung for no reason
1,It's a waste of no fun time. Why did you make it?
10,It's the best gift of Hangawi in 2020.
10,It's perfect to say that you've watched a luxury concert. Kim Ho-joong is also the best artist. High quality music movie that shows sincerity in life and outstanding entertainment
1,Is this a movie?I'm so sick of it
2,Why did you get 91 points?
1,Spoilers should not be included in the reviewYes
10,A moving performance video that shows Kim Hojung's sincerity
10,Did you enjoy it?^^♡ The song is the best of the best! It's so touching. You sing so well.My heart is filled with emotion. You're so cool when you do your best~~♡♡
10,It's the best.The best Kim Hojung. Forever.
10,It was a unique experience. I was moved by the sound of the sound of the soul hitting my eardrums. I became more interested in Kim Ho-joong's new move. I want to recommend it to people around me
10,It's a wave of emotionsIt was so nice to hear good songs that touched your heart and the singer's sincere heart
10,It's like a heart-throbbing concert with a talk that goes well with the singer's story and a heart-throbbing song. It's magnificent and scale is like a three-wall screenI'm so moved that I keep on recommending it
1,Why did you watch "Criminal" music video? Isn't this too much?
10,I'm crying as I sing with a clear and beautiful voice
10,His song that brings comfort to the hard times ♡
10,I was able to feel the excitement and thrill of the fan meeting movie scene once again.    It was healing because it contained Kim Ho-joong's unique singing ability and sincere heart toward his fans. I strongly recommend it!
10,It felt like I was at a concert. It was so nice
10,I'm touched by the song
10,I was so touched and happy
10,A big singer was born  Kim Hojung was the best I applaud the explosive energy that pierces the skylights and the sensibility and sincerity of people
10,I'm so touched. I can't express it in words
10,Thank you. Singer Kim Hojung made the highest quality performance with his heavenly voice and touching song It was a performance with a different level of stormy voice and love for the fansIt was the most touching performance
10,It was so touching!
10,I enjoyed listening to high-quality songs.I went there with my daughter in her 20s and she got goosebumps when she heard the song.I strongly recommend it.
10,There's no need for words to be touched.It's a movie that makes you want to watch it againI hope the good influence spreads further
10,Is there any more fan meeting movie than this much? It's the best fanme movie
10,The emotion of the voice genius singer's sincere song was the best gift and comfort.I think Kim Ho-joong's two songs will make you cry with emotion and shine as masterpieces.
10,I was touched by Kim Hojung's song
10,The score is 1000 points It was so touching
10,It's really touching.Get your handkerchief ready.
10,I love the magnificent sound background and I think I can hear Kim Hojung's songIt was a fantastic timeHojung is a Korean singer
10,I went there yesterday and I was more moved because I could see the whole screen at a glance. I'm planning to go to Saturday with my sister again
10,Kim Hojung. "Thank you for your fan meeting." The song is the best
10,Hojung is the best when you trust him
10,I was so moved by the song that I kept my breath for an hour and a half. He's the best singer among Kim Hojung
1,I think he's determined to make money
9,It's fun to watch at the theater.
10,I'm so touched I can't help but admit Kim Hojung's singing ability
10,It was a video that touched my heart at the concert
10,I was overwhelmed by the grandeur of my voice in the theater.His voice is so heavenly
10,It was so touchingIt's my favorite movieI hope you watch it
10,It was so touching I got to see Kim Hojung again I think the trend is the trend
2,I think it's only fun for Bba but it's no fun
10,KIM HOJOONG's singing skills are the bestI'm immersed in the song
10,It's so touching and I feel like I'm at the concert hall. I clapped without realizing it and got an eye attack from the person next to me Haha
10,It's like the best live performance.Wow!
10,It's so touching to see you on Screen X I'm so touched. Thank you I'm going to watch it one more time. I'm going to buy tickets
1,The audience is not allowed.
10,It's a great experience to stay away from you and get refreshed during the holidays
10,I'm so touched to see you and my brothers thank you. I still remember that feeling. Kim Hojung is the best singer in heaven. The younger members are also saying that their stress is gone.
10,It's so touching. I love you for your passion for music. Kim Hojung
10,You have to look at the performance of a singer with a big screen and good sound
10,It's the best.
10,I was so touched that I felt like I was there I was so happy because my parents liked it more than I did ^m^
10,It's the best.
10,I was so touched that I felt like I was there I was so happy because my parents liked it more than I did ^m^
10,The best movie I've ever seen. There's no other movie that touched me more than this one ^^
10,This movie is the best movie ever
10,A life movie that gives you know-how of life movie
10,The chair that compares the pasta and sonata of the movie The pencil and freedom that live for it is the best
10,It was literally the best movie of my life…
10,Crazy funny movie!
10,Best movie in your fingers!
8,For revenge
10,It ignites a spark of hope that can only be extinguished.an extraordinary masterpiece
10,What more do I need to say... We give you the highest rating for the best movie.
10,It's a masterpiece Haha
10,It's a masterpiece that you should show your son when he grows up
10,It's the best movie of my life that I can only give this movie 10 points
10,a moving epic film
10,I will see you again later after more time.It's a masterpiece that's a waste to watch once.
10,Best....no words needed
10,a movie worthy of being called a masterpiece
10,the best film to be impeccable
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't miss even during the running time of more than 2 hours.Hope is a good thing. The best of things.no good thing ever dies....
10,Now I've seen it. It's worth it.
10,A masterpiece that comes to mind once in a while
9,I marvel at DuPrain's tenacity and brain! the prison officers Do you think the walls are made of foam?
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it … Make sure you watch it Don't worry...
10,There is no future for a man who is complacent with the fear of change. Moving people is hope after all.It's a movie where you can learn the lessons of life.
10,An incredible feast of emotion!
10,I watched it for the first time after eating 30. It was a really good movie
10,I want to escape from ShawshankHow many times do I have to watch this movie to get sick of it?
10,A masterpiece comes with a different feeling every time I see it. And the moment is new every day.
10,What does hope give man?
10,The best movie ever. No further explanation.
10,There is no need for words. the best movie of one's life
10,I can feel the deep emotion no matter how many times I see it
10,It's hope that makes people live
10,I remembered the old days and watched it again. It's just the best.
9,Thank you. Thank you
10,What a great movie! I can't believe I just saw a masterpiece now! The best! The best!
10,When will it be re-released?
10,The emotion of childhood is different from that of 20 years later.
10,The joy of knowing the best movie twist is really... indescribable
10,The sea was as green as ever
10,Recommend a movie that's worth watching at least once
10,Best movie of my life in 2022
10,Why did I watch such a masterpiece so late?
10,The Bible of my life... Life is like Andy
10,Please take care of my favorite movie OCN's Lunar New Year holiday. Please don't turn on the guy inside of me too much
10,I really enjoyed itI strongly recommend it. ^^
10,I feel a lot of things after watching me well
10,A film for people who think of criminals in the extreme
10,This is amazing. Please watch it
10,a film that you can't take your eyes off from beginning to end
10,It's definitely my life's work of 21 years.
10,an impeccable masterpiece
10,The best movie in the history of IMDB
10,Best movie with both emotion and fun
10,We were all living in Shawshank.
10,Impression lasts forever.Forever is a touch
10,a work that gently touches the heart from beginning to end
10,Hope is good and good doesn't go away.
10,Hope was a good thing
8,Hope is everywhere
10,What a relief that hope remained in Pandora's box.
10,an indelible film
9,It's a rating given to people who don't know much about movies just for fun
10,I recommend a masterpiece!
10,There was no time to be boredHope is a good thing I need to hope and do it one by one Felt.
10,I have nothing to say. It's just a masterpiece...
10,The greatest masterpiece in human history!
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,I'm touched even now
10,Everything I wish for begins with a little hope
9,Freedom isn't just something you get.
10,The number one movie of my life is definitely this movie!
10,The movie that I think I'll watch the most in my life!
10,I don't need words from the best movie
10,I can't get enough of this movie and it's touching.  I think I've seen it 30 times so far
10,What else do I need to say? It's Shawshank's escape
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,You're really incredible.It's just great. How can you make a movie like this? Watch this and watch another movie? It's too harsh. It's on a completely different level.
10,It was so much fun.
10,It's really beautiful. The last one
10,The best movie of my life. Brooks is more memorable.
10,A movie that you can watch until the end. I don't care how many times I see you.
10,The movie is centered on the lessons for more than two hours.
10,The movie was so fun that it felt short.
10,The greatest masterpiece of the 20th century - masterpiece
10,It was perfect from the beginning to the end
10,The main message was so good and I liked the combination of the lines
10,It lingers a lot.I want to see you again.
10,Youngho who doesn't get tired of watching it 10 times
10,Every single one of Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins is art.
10,Hope seems to make me greet you faster if I break away from the stereotypes that are drawn in my heart.
10,It's the best movie ever. moving
1,It was fun but it didn't come out again
10,I'm touched! It's the best movie of my life.
10,It is one of the best movies of my life.
10,I hope.A movie that tells you the right hope
10,The best movie of my life. It's a masterpiece
10,I don't know how many times I've seen youthe best five
10,It's really well made Everything is perfect. A chance to think deeply about freedom in life
10,I can see why it's a masterpiece."Hope is a good thing"
10,It's just a masterpiece no matter how many times I look at it'
10,It's the best movie with both touching and fun.
10,I got goose bumps in the part where I talked about the best film edification and the scene where I enjoyed freedom in the rain
10,My Jiwatane must decide what is because aimless hope will be pain
10,A useful line. Funny.
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,My favorite movie. And
10,I can't believe I just saw this.
10,The movie of my life that I must watch before I die...
10,The best movie. The best movie of my life.
10,A movie that showed hope for me living in a mental prison
10,It was the most interesting movie I've ever seen
10,It was a masterpiece that I saw again after a long time.
10,The Importance of the Big Picture
10,a masterpiece beyond descriptionMake sure to watch it.
10,I should have bought an apple at this time
10,There is no movie like this. It's so nice to watch it again
10,It's definitely the best. I hope you watch it
10,a masterpiece that is now a classic A movie that everyone should watch at least once
10,Movie of my life... Movie that's good to watch many times...
10,a film showing the dignity of a masterpiece The sense of hope was not unique to Gatsby.
10,The best movie of my life!!!!
10,You don't need to say it. It's just a legend
10,It's definitely the first movie I've ever seen
10,Major General Ward Norton: Christian example of South Korea
10,Is it possible to express the value of a movie or the desire of a human being in a movie more than this??! The best movie of my life!
7,the worst title
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it.
10,A movie that showed what a well-made movie is!
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,One word will do. The Shawshank Escape is a legend.
10,It's one of the must-see movies
10,Why did I see this now after 33 years of living?
10,This is my life movie.I watch it once in a while
10,What words do we need?
10,I love it! I love it!
10,I don't think this kind of trick will come out again
10,I've lived without envy... I'm jealous of only one thing. Who hasn't seen this movie?
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,I hope to watch this movie with important people in my life.
9,It is not a one-size-fits-all healing film. It's a masterpiece that touches the heart.
10,It's just the best-o's movie. I've watched it dozens of times and it's touching
10,I want everyone to watch this movie The message from the movie is enormous
10,This is a ten-point movie...
10,It's a masterpiece Really
10,I watched it so many times that I didn't know how many times I watched it. But what's interesting is that it's new every time I see it.
10,A masterpiece! Hope is a good thing!
10,I can't forget the scene where the two main characters are reunited at the end and the scene where they drink beer leisurely on the rooftop. What's the point of saying it? The best movie ever!
10,I think I watched it like 30 or 40 times It's still a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece! It's touching even if you look at it again
10,A movie that you have to die watching.
10,a precious hymn-like film dedicated to life
10,The 1995 movie that I saw in 2021 is so good that I can't stop falling in love with my eyes from beginning to end
10,I definitely felt that masterpieces were not just popular for no reason. It was so nice to be more immersed in the play with gradation and to be touched in a corner of my heart. I thought it was amazing that he was calm about hope and detailed through various bait and materials
10,It's my life movie. I strongly recommend it
9,It's the best. It's the best movie of all time
10,The best movie of my life
10,Make sure to watch a movie that doesn't need words
10,"The best movie of my life"
10,A masterpiece of the century that transcends masterpieces. That's why Shawshank Escape is called a legend.
10,I think it's just the best truth
10,A movie that you want to make a total score of 10 points
10,What else do I need to say? A movie that I watch every year
10,There's only one thing to say.The best movie ever
10,There were many scenes that made me think deeply and touched me. It's a movie that I can say is my life movie.
9,It was a movie that left a lot of lingering emotions
10,Everything's perfect.It's a movie made by geniuses. It's a touching movie
10,Two words are enough for a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words. It's the best.
10,The freedom that a free man feels is
10,A movie like the textbook and indicator of my life
10,The best movie of my life
10,I love monologue in the movie of my life
10,I can feel the sense of truth because the movie was based on a true story.
10,Do I need to say something? ^^
10,What a beautiful movie...
10,One of my favorite movies...
10,It's a masterpiece. It's beautiful.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Freedom It shines more than anything and the essence of life that is not taken away from the nuggets
10,The best movie that reminds us of good memories that we should not commit a crime and live with hope no matter how unfair and upset we are
10,My favorite movie
10,It's a movie that makes me realize the importance of freedom to me who has enjoyed freedom for granted.
10,I enjoyed watching it again
10,Why did you watch this movie now?
10,The best movie of my life. There is no need for words. Just watch it ^^ it's the best.
10,A legendary movie that will remain in your life.
10,Hope is a good thing.I found a new life movie.I hope a lot of people will watch itThe acting story and everything goes well together.
10,One of the most wanted movies I've ever seen.
10,I think it's a joy that only free people can feel. A free man on a long journey of hope. I hope the Pacific Ocean will be as blue as my dream.
9,The hope of a cute group that fits the title of Show Shank Redemption better
10,It's a trick that moves me again even after a certain number of times
10,There are few movies in the world that you can't get enough of.
10,I'm so touched. It's the best movie of my life
10,I'm always touched no matter how many times I see it. The best movie in my life!
10,The movie that won the most votes for "My Life Movie"!--- The final process... There is no more beautiful ending yet.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it. I'm watching it again and it's fun.
10,a great movie in combination
10,It's one of my favorite movies that I can't get enough of even after watching it dozens of times♡♡♡
10,My father's life movie
10,All Time Best Escape Movie
10,The movie that's competing for first and second place in my life
10,a wordless film A movie that no one has ever seen before
10,It's a pity that I've seen it now
10,Man always lives on hope.
10,This is what a movie is like
10,Best movie ever. Pityless king
10,Let's take a look at the double window of Mozart's letter.You will definitely want to go to Lake Jiwatane!
10,It's a must-see movie once in a lifetime.
10,It's been a while since I've seen "Show Shank Escape" I feel a new sensation. It's the best even if I look at it again.
10,The best movie~_^:-;♡
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. There's no need for words
10,Hope is a good thing. It might be the best thing.
10,The one and only film that can be said to be on top of the films called masterpieces of the century
10,It's a really valuable movie. My life movie.
10,Just the best. You can watch it's just the best
10,It's an honor to be able to evaluate this movie.
10,Enduring always wins
10,Just look. This is enough
10,It's just the best... No words needed
10,It is the energy of life every time I see it after 3 generations.Let's see each other for five more generations
10,I'm sad. The reality is just SJ
10,It's the best. What grade do you choose?
10,I can't help but give you 10 points. I'm sorry. It's a masterpiece!
10,I don't need an explanation.A film that makes freedom think all about hope
10,One of the top 3 masterpieces of my life.I still watch it until the end when it comes out on reruns.
10,I don't know what else to say.A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it ten times!
10,Muyaho Becomes a Touching Movie of Life
10,Everything is perfect
10,There's no reason why you can't last 20 years for the freedom of a once-in-a-
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It's just the best masterpiece of my life
10,One of the best movies of my life. Seeing is believing
10,It's a movie that doesn't have to explain everything
7,Hope is accompanied by frustration and joy. He who persevere will always take a breath of glorious joy.
10,The movie of my life movie. A work of art that makes the message of hope feel as a masterpiece.
10,This is the greatest masterpiece in human history
10,Is there another great movie?
10,JENO is also a shareholder
10,It's a life movie
10,Is this for real?LOL
10,The best movie...I don't think I'll get tired of it even if I watch it ten times
10,Good. It's really the best
10,One of the most perfect movies.Masterpiece
8,Jihuatanejo of Intelligence and Hope
10,The movie still lingers afterwards.
10,It's a masterpiece even in 2021
10,This work is not a masterpiece. Because it is not a famous painting known to many people. But this movie was the masterpiece of my life.
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece It's nice to see you after a long time.
10,The movie of my life. You have to watch it.
10,It reminds me of the movie I watch again
10,I hope this movie will be re-released in theaters Make sure to watch it. I envy those who haven't seen it
10,A movie that I always watch again on TV
10,Why did I watch a movie like this now? Too badIt's amazing that we can make this kind of movie in 1995
10,The best movie of my life. A film that makes you realize how much you crave for human freedom. It's too bad that such movies don't come out these days.
10,I have no regrets about this movie even after watching it 100 times
10,Hope is a good thing I can't believe I just saw this masterpiece
10,It's been 20 years and it's still a masterpiece. The best movie of my life!
10,It's the best movie in my 40s life.
10,A movie to recommend to my child
10,I can't express it in words.
10,I think it is the best movie in 100 years of movie history. The number one movie to watch before you die.
10,Hope is a good thing Good things don't go away
10,I enjoyed watching it because my senior from school came out ^^ Tim Robinson is really cool
1,It's sad. It became a movie 27 years ago
10,The Best Movie Show Shank Escape
10,There is no movie like this one
10,Top 3 movies of my life.
10,It's a perfect storyIt's touching
10,The last scene of legend's dignity is really touching
10,I bet it's the best movie ever
10,The best movie that kept me busy
10,Other movies get -1 point each
10,The best movie of my life is the best
10,Hope... Hope... Let's hope.
10,A movie that instills the will to live
10,a book of moving novels
10,It feels like it's been more than 2 hours since the movie of my life
10,I hope you can watch a movie that you don't want to watch
10,I hope you can watch a movie that you don't want to watch
10,Why don't we have the power of freedom and yet enjoy it enough. One might think about why I'm doing nothing and doing a computer in this freedom that someone wants so much.It was that kind of movie
10,It's not enough to express this movie with the words I know. By far the best in every way.
10,The nourishment of life itself
8,Scary tenacity and will for the goal!
10,I don't need another explanationI'm just reminded of the modifier "best.
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this in 2020. I saw it because it had a great scoreVery satisfied
10,an admiring film
10,A masterpiece that will never change
10,Duplane... Poor and cute
1,Why are you going crazy?
10,Short but impressive movie of my life!
10,A movie that stopped after watching it ten times.
10,It's the best movie that doesn't disappear even if you watch it more than 10 times.
10,It's a masterpiece movie that I want to see again even though I've seen a book and a movie twice.
10,The movie I watched the most in my life
10,10 points for sure
10,This is a movie
10,It's fun even if you watch it dozens of times. Every single scene is the best
10,It's the best movie in a long time
10,I don't need words.
10,The best movie of my life. I was happy to see this kind of movie
10,I'm trying to hold hope in my heart again.Hope is a good thing.
10,This is what perfection is like.It makes you realize clearly what life lessons are and previously life movies were Forest Gump. The movie tells us the way we should go and the mindset we should have for this Shawshank Escape. It's the number one movie of my life
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now
10,I can't help but think it's cool
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life.
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life.
10,It's a movie that anyone can proudly say it's their life movie
10,The best movie of my life. The best movie ever
9,A masterpiece of a masterpiece. Hexagon movies with all the good elements
10,Hope will set me free.
10,It's a feeling I can't even describe. It was the best movie I've ever seen.
10,The best movie of my life
10,What do I need to say? Every masterpiece has its reasons.
10,LOL What else do I need to say?
10,It's a masterpiece even if I look back at each line of my life's movie that doesn't need words
10,I realized that hope is such a beautiful word after watching this movie. I hope Korean movies will develop like this.
10,The best movie of my life
10,The return to the best freedom that human beings seek!
10,A masterpiece to see in 100 years
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's one of the best movies
10,I've watched it over 10 times and searched Allen Green more than 5 times
10,I was so impressed when I was in high school that I remember pasting posters. I saw him again with my middle school son. It's still the same even when I look at it again.
10,It's good to see it now
9,The word hope makes us die and live
10,Perfection
10,Japanese colonial eraIt occurred to me
10,I think it's a movie that best expresses the joys and sorrows of people in a different way
10,More fun than Titanic and Forest Gump Especially the scene of painting the roof and drinking beer can't be so peaceful
10,It's just the best. The best
10,I think it was the best movie to watch comfortably in this busy and chaotic society
10,The overwhelming movie of my life. Every moment was the best
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I can still feel the emotion even though I watched it for the third time after seeing my 48.20s and 30s.How can you write such a story?
10,I wish my GPA was 10!
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece!
10,I can't get enough of it. a masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch my life movie again
10,No words needed ^^ just the best!!
10,It is my first time to watch a movie that lasts more than 2 hours.It was really fun.
10,I saw it because I wanted to escape to another department because I sent it to the department. I'm dreaming of escaping
10,The best movie of my life. I'm so touched
10,Hope's name is Jihuataneho
10,I don't need to say anything else. Life movie
10,It is a work of art that gives new enlightenment every time you see it.  A masterpiece is used at times like this.
10,I was dazed for a while after the movie
10,It was a good movie. It's a movie that adds vitality to your life
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things don't change
10,A movie where you learn a lot
10,I'm sure I'll watch it more than 100 times on TV before I die
10,A masterpiece... I watched it with my husband. My husband was touched when he first saw him
10,There's no need for words JinJin is the best!
9,I don't know what to say. one of the best movies
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,The movie of my life. I think I've seen it a hundred times. A movie with my twenties.
10,It's the first movie that I left a comment on. I still can't believe this is from 1994.
10,The movie where everything was good...A masterpiece... Best of best good movie
10,I really enjoyed it. It's a masterpiece.
10,A movie that's always touching!
10,Being tamed... It makes me think a lot
10,It was a very meaningful movie. I finally saw this good movie
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words. My heart is burning
10,I can't get enough of it even if I watch it 10 times or 100 times.
10,The best movie of my life. a must-see movie
10,A work that implies a lot about life.I don't need to say anything. It's the best movie of my life
10,This movie is a legend. You must watch this movie
10,The best movie ever!
9,Isn't it worth living your life because you live with the hope of redemption of freedom?
9,It's a movie of my life that I can't get enough of. Hell Joseon's trash can't be made even after a thousand years.
10,I can't believe I just saw a movie like this. I'm so touched.
10,It's a perfect score
10,It's my favorite movie.I'm sure other people feel the same way
10,It's so much fun. It's a must-see movie
10,The best movie of my life!
10,Duprein looks at a colleague who's been working on a rooftop and drinking his beer.
10,It's very touching and very impressive.It was amazing that there was such a true story and the acting was so natural.
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's a masterpiece and a great actor. It's a well-organized and highly complete movie. It still touches me more than any other movie^^
10,It's a movie that needs to be re-released.
1,I just don't know
10,I've watched it dozens of times and now I'm crying again - the best movie of my life
10,It was a great movie!
10,Throwing off his clothes and enjoying his freedom in the rain
10,What words are needed? It's the movie with the highest rating in the world
10,Don't talk about the movie without seeing this
10,My favorite movie... It's so much fun to watch now. It's healing.
10,I can't get enough of it. It's a real masterpiece
10,It's a 1994 movie and it's really immersive.
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece
10,2020. Hope to be 30 years old
10,A movie where hope becomes a story and hope becomes a dream
10,a gentle and deep echo
10,The best movie that's so perfect that I can't really express it. Why do you think I just saw it now? I hope someday I can express this movie as well as the movie. It's a true masterpiece that can't even be filled with the word masterpiece.crying
10,The most touching ♡ I often find myself watching it until the end without sleeping after turning the channel
10,The second half of the movie brings tears to my eyes
10,How many times have I seen you so far?
10,It was so much fun!
10,The saddest part is that I can't give you 100 points
10,There is no movie to compare. It's just the best
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,Is there anything else I can say besides this?
10,What should I say? Silent
10,a work like a pearl in the earth that is both humanistic and transcendent to man
10,I regret why I watched it now It was really fun.
10,I've seen it more than ten times.The best movie of my life
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it.The movie of my life movie. The textbook of my life.a heart-warming movieIt's a movie that makes me cry and smile.One more hope... A movie that cheers me up.
10,I think I know why people want me to watch masterpieces
10,I finally found my favorite movie. Thank you. I'll do my best.
10,I'm glad I saw you now.
10,Best movie ever...I was really touched. It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,My favorite movie... It makes me feel a lot of things. The movie itself is so much fun
10,It's just "God"...
1,I'll give you 1 point. There's no reason.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,Hope is a good thing.Good things are eternal
10,I have nothing to say. It's not up to me to judge
10,It's a sad movie that I can only give you 10 stars
10,You have to shut up and watch. You have to watch it
10,It's new every time I see it
10,I watched it from the middle of the first half to the end.I'm sad that I didn't watch it from the beginning.
10,I just saw myself before I turned 30
10,The last part really touches my heart
10,What do people live by? Andy would have answered hope.
10,Ratings can be up to 1000 characters
10,The best movie is really the best.
10,a heart-rending film The movie showed hope that schools and textbooks couldn't tell.
10,a masterpiece of life
10,Why did I watch this movie now? I still feel like it's a masterpiece
10,Spoon and pressure time and will
10,a film about freedom
10,Life movie~ A movie that always touches my heart even after watching it regularly since I first watched it 25 years ago. I will also escape the show shank of my life Hope is good Hope is the best thing
10,A movie that made me laugh and cry
10,Only those who do not give up hope can lift the obsidian.
10,The movie of my life... It was the best movie ever.
10,It's just that it's crazy. Why did you watch this movie now? Why do you have to die busy or work busy or live with hope?
10,It's a movie that makes you feel the importance of freedom.  Thank you for the freedom I have
10,I'm 25 years old. I can't believe I'm watching this now. I'm still so moved
10,The best movie ever. The touch of Endiduprein's life.
9,What a great movie...  I also recommend "Green Mile" as another film by Frank Darabont.
10,A movie that I can say first without worrying about when I discuss my life movie with someone. It's a really unbelievable movie. I'm really happy to watch it while having a beer when I'm having a hard time.
10,I was dumbfounded when I saw it when I was in school. I realized this is what a masterpiece movie is like.
10,It's amazing. A movie that comforts you when you have a hard time
10,A movie that made me realize how great hope is
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,Humans are inherently unequal.How to use what is given is the key
10,The scene of drinking beer after the rooftop work on the rooftop...
10,It's simply the best work.It's a masterpiece.
10,You're the best.It's just amazing
10,Good. Now I see it
10,The movie of my life that touches my heart no matter how many times I see it.
10,It's not a movie. It's a life textbook
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,You will be moved by the story once in its completeness.
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words! It's a movie that makes me feel all kinds of emotions after watching it. I smirked at this world without realizing it.
10,It was the best movie ever!
10,It's as if I've been absorbed in a movie for years.
10,My favorite movie...
10,You know...LOL
10,You have to watch this 7 times before you die
10,It's a masterpiece of the century. There was not a moment of boredom from beginning to end. The last scene of the movie is very impressive.
10,It really lingers a lot. It's such an honor to watch this movie.
10,Did I escape the showshank of my life?
10,Misfortunes just happen to come upon us as we wander around.Live a busy life or die quickly.
10,The funniest movie in the world.
10,I wonder if there will be a better movie than this
10,A must-see movie in life!
10,It's the most touching movie ever
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it
10,It was so good. Becoming a movie of my life
10,It's the best. The end.
10,Holy Moly...
10,Fear locks you in and hope keeps you alive
10,A legendary movie about everyone who escaped and peed in the rain
10,I thought for a moment about what kind of review I should leave. It's just the best.
10,The only movie I've ever seen in my life that I can confidently say is my life movie.
10,Do you need words? It's just the best movie
9,a well-made film Boring stories and neat endings. It was a movie that lacked everything.
10,Everyone's life movie. And it's a movie that makes you reflect on the lines while watching the last part. A movie that makes you think about hope and freedom. A movie that gives you strength when you think life is tiring and joyless.
10,I can't believe I'm seeing you now!
10,Why am I crying when I drink beer on the roof?
10,Hope is a good thing. But there should be no hope for criminals who commit violent crimes!!
10,A movie that makes you want to watch it again as soon as it's over
10,I just loved it
10,Let's be happy for the rest of our lives
10,A masterpiece that should be given 50 out of 0
10,A movie that you can't get enough of. A movie that was so touching.
10,"I hope the Pacific Ocean will be as green as in my dream."
10,The power that wakes me up after lying down helplessly. appreciate the power of a movie
10,It's touching even if you watch it many times
10,You're the best. You're the best
10,A movie showing the most important hope in the world
10,It's really my life's work. It's a movie that I think I should watch at least once in my life.
10,Perfection is the blessing of mankind
10,A movie to watch before you die with the Truman Show.
10,What do I need to say?
10,Please make sure everyone watched it
10,the best movie of one's life
10,I finally saw it now. It's a masterpiece
10,It is one of the top five must-see movies.
10,I think it was the most memorable movie among the original novel I've ever seen!
10,A must-see movie before anyone dies
10,It's good...
9,What kind of cage could be more beautiful than this?
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie
10,Why did I see this now?It's the best movie of my life
10,The best movie of my life!It's a masterpiece
10,It's just a wrap it
10,He looks like the head of a prison
10,It's new every time I see it. It's still a masterpiece even after a long time. I think I've seen it more than 20 times. hope is goodthing. The last scene at the beach where Andy and Red reunite. The scenery is so beautiful and it feels like my heart is wide open. I want to go there before I die. Lake Jihuatane.
8,The fruit of freedom is given to those who break through the cage
10,The last scene at the top of OO's masterpiece made me cry
10,Definitely the best movie of my life will never change
10,A movie that you want to watch again even if you watch it 100 times
10,A film that shows me the standard of seeing a movie.' This movie seems to be as complete as a percentage of Shawshank's escape."Wishpot that's hard to forget." Lake Jiwatane.
10,The most valuable running time of my life
10,Freedom should be more than release.
10,I didn't expect to see such a masterpiece.It's more unfortunate that I can't give more than 10 points. Why is this masterpiece not coming out in Korea?
10,There is no need for words. Why did I watch this now?
10,Raise your hand if you watched episode 12!
10,It's the best movie of my life. I think it was an opportunity to have hope for life without getting tired of it.
10,It's my favorite movie I still can't forget Dufrey's quoteHaha hope is a good thing and it never disappeared. It really helped me a lot in my studies after watching this movieHaha
10,Hope and friend. They are the most precious thing in life.
10,It's a three-letter definition. That's awesome
10,The number one movie that I watch every two to three years
10,It's so touching. A must-see movie...
10,I think I've seen my favorite movie hundreds of times
10,Some birds forget how to fly in a cage. Some birds rise to the sky as if they were waiting when the cage door opens. Let's go...
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The best movie of my life. Why do I feel so much more after being discharged?
10,I just stop when I change the channel. It's fun to watch it again
10,Sigh... I cried at the end
10,the best movie of one's life
10,This is what movies are like. It's a bonus to know Rita Hayward and Raquel Wetch. It's an honor to be able to live and watch such a movie at the same time.
10,The destructive power of pure longing that could pierce any thick wall...
10,It's just the best...
10,No need for words? Best movie ever.
10,Let's see each other!
10,One of my favorite movies
10,a film of one's life
10,This is real... I didn't know freedom was this hopeful for a man. I'll keep it in my heart
8,This is real... I didn't know freedom was this hopeful for a man. I'll keep it in my heart
10,I can still feel it when I see it 30 times.I'm so touched.
10,A movie that you trust and watch again and again and again and again and again.Make sure to watch an incredible movie that gives you goosebumpsField
10,I felt a deep aftertaste for the first time while watching the movie.
10,First Person Observer Point of View... Cheating to the audience
10,Say what's best.My favorite movie.
10,It's been 140 minutes. It's been so long since I don't know how it's going to go.  It's a movie that makes you think about life again. It's a movie that you have to watch before you die
10,My life is a masterpiece forever.
10,You have to watch it before you die
10,It's the first time I've seen a movie so focused recently. It's a really good movie.
10,My age is 35...I saw this movie now. It's my favorite movie
10,A moving masterpiece from an old movie
10,It's nice to see you with your family
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,A masterpiece of the century. A movie I want to show everyone
10,It's a movie that stops the channel every time I watch it.
10,A movie that makes you want to be fooled and hope
10,The best movie of my life
7,The last ending was left with a life lesson
10,I can't help but watch the movie...
10,The best movie of my life!!!!
10,Make sure you watch the best movie of your life It's so much fun
10,It's a perfect movie.
10,My favorite movie
10,I'm glad I saw this now. a very good work It's a work with a very good artistic quality and it's very good. Make sure to watch it.
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Thank you for watching the best movie now
10,cinematic art
10,There's something that's focused on
10,Let's not lose hope for everyone who runs forward!
10,It happened to be a masterpiece released in the same year as Forest Gump
10,It's a movie that you should watch at least once.
10,Andy's message of hope seems to illuminate my life brilliantly. a truly beautiful film about humans
10,No.3 in terms of subjectivity and no.1 in terms of objectivity! No words needed. You have to watch it before you die
10,Cya...
10,A movie that shows the possibility of hope! A masterpiece
10,I watched it again while changing the channel.
10,A bird that wants freedom cannot be kept in a cage
10,I want to go to see the top movie in the world ^^
10,I want to escape from poverty and be free like Andy.
10,I wonder if I need more words
10,How is your life now?
10,A classic that includes everything a movie should have.
10,Have hopes and dreams that no one can take or trample on
10,I can see why people call it their favorite movie.
8,seep into one's heart like a calm wave
10,Movie of my life. A movie I must watch in my life
10,impeccable acting and content
10,Whoever criticizes and criticizes it remains the best masterpiece
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece. Dope
10,the best movie without words
9,This is the movie of my life.
10,The only movie I've ever given a rating of 10
10,There's just no need for words. Just watch it
10,I can only write within 140 characters. I can only write the word "best
10,The best! The best! The best! The best!
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
10,A movie I've seen over 30 times. The best movie that made me endure the hellish Changwon office life and always became a lucky goddess even when I moved to a good place.
10,Ten years later... It's a masterpiece
10,There is no need for words. It's the best.
10,a movie with no meaning in itself
10,The opportunity is only for those who are prepared.
10,I want to escape from Hell Joseon like Shawshank Prison.
10,I've seen the best movie of my life more than 30 times
10,It's so touching  Make sure to watch it
10,It's strange that it's not out of 10. I want to go under the oak tree in Buxton.
10,something beyond one's imagination The living eyes are the best.
10,I'm sorry. I can's EBS^^
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words...
10,A movie that made me realize that I was in my own prison and that I could fly to freedom at any time.
10,A masterpiece that you must watch in your life
10,I think it's an irrefutable masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch it again. moving
10,I can hear the score going up
10,The movie that I want to watch every time
10,A must-see movie in life.
10,A movie that contains everything that a movie made these days doesn't have
10,The best movie of my life that I remember even after watching it dozens of times
10,There is no need for words. 10/10
10,I was moved twice as much as when it was released.It's the best.
10,It's good to watch. It's the best
10,It's a masterpiece.I want to give you one more out of everything
10,Perfection itself gives me goosebumps every time I see it
10,What can I say?
10,A bird named Andy who even enlightened Red who was wandering in despair
10,The scene where the main character of the movie that I enjoyed the most was singing "Hurray" through the sewer and the last scene where the two main characters met is the most memorable
10,The best movie of my life! I can't get rid of my emotions no matter how many times I watch it!
10,Hope and Andy...
10,I realized that this is a real movie.
10,a very well-made film10 points
10,How many times do you watch Lee Young Hwall?
10,Let's pretend you've been fooled at first sight
10,I'm just sad to see you now.
10,My favorite work of my life. A work that I want to recommend to my children
10,The scene of drinking beer together on the rooftop was the best.Freedom is...
10,A movie you want to watch whenever you are tired of life. Will you live your life like Brooks or Red?
10,The best movie ever
10,It is hard to watch a movie like this now that I don't know how time went by.
10,By far the best movie of my life.I can't forget the scene where the last two people meet.
10,I cried with Andy when he came out of Shawshank and welcomed his freedom.
10,Wow... I can't believe I'm watching this now. It's so much fun
10,It's really fun and Andy is so charming!
10,A movie that eliminated my prejudice that classic masterpieces are boring and old.
10,It's really well-made
10,I think it's a masterpiece in my life. It's a movie where even an outsider can share his life while opening a can of beer
10,The best thing I've done this year is to watch this movie.
10,This is the only movie I've ever seen before.I wanted to keep the feelings I had when I first saw him
10,Why did I see it now?
10,A film that tells you what freedom and hope are of enormous importance
10,I can't get enough of it.
10,A movie that you can't stop once you play it
10,The nightly darkness was a single ray of sunlight shining from freedom to someone.
8,Every line is a guide to life
10,A movie that doesn't need words. A movie of my life.
10,There are so many scenes that I like
10,Why is there such a thing as a rating? be indescribable It is only regrettable that I have no choice but to give the highest score of 10 points.^^
10,It's a movie that gets darker and more serious every year.I'm looking forward to the movie next year.Take it out and cry. Eunyeong's shoes. It's a movie that touches my heart every year.
10,It's a masterpiece that will last forever even if I watch it now or 50 years later!
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,I think it's really cruel and sad that I can't say anything. Why is the blackness afterwards tamed?
10,A movie genre and one of history must be seen and remembered
10,A movie that will have a long-lasting memorable line
10,I think it's a relief to see you now
10,A gem-like movie that never loses its first light no matter how many times it is taken out after several years is called a masterpiece.
10,I watched it on OCN 10 years ago and it's my favorite movie
10,I know why it is a must-see movie before I die.So did I.
10,A movie on a movie. A movie that can be explained in this word
10,Freedom in life is...
10,That's amazing. There is no need for words.
10,It's crazy
10,This is crazy. It's been 26 years since I saw this movie
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,A movie with deep resonance. A movie that touches my heart no matter how many times I watch it
10,A movie that you can't forget
10,One of the masterpieces that I never get tired of
8,95 is when my brother was born. I'm watching it now because it's on TV
10,I think it's better to read the original novel
10,I recommend watching this movie when you lose your direction of life or when you are tired and exhausted. I was able to look back on my past life. And it was a heart-warming movie that allowed me to look into the future.
10,Hope is a good thing. It's the most precious thing. Good things never go away.
10,Explain how this movie is not 10 points
10,I don't need to say. The best movie of my life
10,It's more memorable because it's a happy ending
10,That's crazy. Why did I watch this now?
10,I hope you don't turn it on too often on TV. I've been watching it over and over again and again
10,It's a masterpiece. One of the best masterpieces. I can't get tired of it
10,"Freedom can only be accepted by those who are ready."
10,It's the first time I got goosebumps watching a movie.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Movies that can be seen 20 years later
10,The scene where I drank beer was impressive
10,A movie that I look for whenever I have a hard time. It's a shame that I can only give you 10 points
10,Beautiful movie solid content
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now? It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,A movie for the best and the best. Who's not watching this movie?
10,The power to keep your humor alive while writing a story honestly!
10,This kind of movie is a true masterpiece
10,Freedom doesn't know its worth until it's lost. And freedom never fell from the sky one day.
10,It's just... I don't know.
10,My life is like a movie
10,It's not a movie. It's about life
10,It is the most impressive movie I have seen in 26 years. It's such a waste of my time.
10,I can't forget the last scene
9,Man craves freedom.
10,I can't forget meeting Andy on the beautiful beach in the ending cut.
10,a masterpiece comparable to Clementine
10,I hope the regime changes soon and Moon and his gang all go to jail.
10,Perfect story and actor meeting
10,The best movie ever.
10,You can say it's the best!
10,Is there a better film in the history of movies? an interesting and good example of a movie
10,When will you get tired of this movie?
10,I can't believe I just saw this masterpiece.
10,It's a masterpiece.Freedom
9,I felt like I was seeing myself escape from life as Shawshankra. I hope the ending is the same
10,Just look. Words aren't enough
10,I cried my eyes out as I watched the prisoners listening to music while looking up at the sky. The only time in Shawshank that no one felt scared. Hope is in the head and in the heart. Andy's saying that no one can take it away for a long time.
10,I want to punch the translator
10,It's a movie that makes my heart overflow and tears flow... the power of a Message
10,The movie is just so cool.
10,My favorite movie... Another movie I want to watch
10,Movies to watch and watch while breathing
10,It's a movie that lingers in my mind
10,A movie that gives you a lot of strength after watching it
10,I think I've seen him more than 10 times in my life
10,I can't judge this movie.  I can only give you 10 points
10,I can't give you a higher score.
10,It is too bad that I watched this movie when I was 21 years old.
10,The best movie I can't explain.
10,The best movie in my life
10,You can't mix movies these days. It's a masterpiece of the century
10,Do you need words...?
10,(Screaming)
10,It's a night where I put it off and now I regret seeing it.
10,a masterpiece that will be talked about forever
10,The best masterpiece of my life...
10,It must have been a mistake to hit below nine points!
10,I couldn't draw more of a desire for freedom. Hope is a good thing.
10,The review itself is meaningless. I just recommend watching it
10,I'm tearing up. Beautiful. I think it'll leave a strong impression.
10,My favorite movie... It's the best
10,I've never seen a more perfect movie
10,You deserve 10 points.
9,Morgan Freeman's unique narration gives you comfort throughout the movie. Hope is always right
10,I really enjoyed the movie!!
10,A movie that I've watched more than 20 times. a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,Now I'm watching a movie that's impeccable
10,I can't forget the lingering feeling at the end of the movie as the two of them meet at the end
10,The one and only precious movie of my life
10,The best movie that left a rating for the first time
10,The best movie I don't need any more words
10,It's my favorite movie from today I'll work hard with the main character as my life motivation Thank you for making this movie
10,A movie that makes you realize life
10,What a masterpiece. I'm glad I saw you now
10,I couldn't help but laugh when they were reunited at the end
10,I don't know the end of the movie that constantly attracts me
10,My favorite movie...A movie that you can watch anytime...
10,The best masterpiece. You must see it
10,It's my first time to leave a movie review.This is the best movie I've ever seen.
10,It was one of the most interesting foreign movies
10,It's a good thing I'm seeing now
10,It's a really good movie.
10,Let's see each other.It looks like a masterpiece
10,It was really the best. The last scene was so good to see.
10,How dare you not give this piece a score of 10?
10,Ten is not enough
10,I happened to see it on the cable and I think I saw it more than 10 timesIt was a true movie of my life.
10,It's the best movie ever
10,Watch it on CGV and leave a comment. I can't believe I know this movie now
10,There's no need for words.How many times do you want to watch the movie?
10,It's a ridiculous movie...
10,It's the best. No words needed.
10,It's been 24 years since I watched a movie.
10,It's a great movie. Hope is good Good things don't go away^^
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no more masterpieces
10,The movie of my life that I want to watch again and again
10,I can't help but score 10 points. It's a movie that makes me look back on what I'm looking for and what I'm doing. The classical music in the middle of the movie sounds so attractive...I think that's what classical music is.
10,It can only be described as the best movie.
10,There's a movie that you can't get tired of even if you watch it 100 times. A movie that's fun even if you watch it every time
10,I can't forget Figaro's marriage in the movie.
10,It's always fun to watch from the middle
10,10 stars is not enough. 100 stars...1000 points...
10,This movie is the best movie of my life. No film could express freedom and hope like this.
10,It's the best. It's my favorite movie
10,It's on the real-time search keyword whenever we escape from Shawshank
10,This is what a movie is...  Rubbish with abuse and violence isn't a movie!!
10,A movie that I want to watch again and again and again
10,The best movie. In these five words. I don't need any more words.
10,Morgan Freeman (Red) faces 40 years in prison and parole is the best scene!!
10,It's my new bar today.  I want to see you again in a few months
10,I haven't watched a movie for more than 2 hours since I got a smartphone. I was so into this movie
10,It's the best movie ever. Make sure you watch it
10,A must-see movie.
10,The power of hope? The power of desperation
10,It's really fun. Was Tommy the friend who went to take the test? I remember it half-heartedly.
10,It's a great movie.
10,I'm so thankful to be able to see such a masterpiece
10,A movie with a perfect score is inevitable...…
8,I'm watching Super Action right now. You're so bad
10,A masterpiece is just a masterpiece regardless of when it was made
10,It's a masterpiece. Why aren't these movies coming out now?
9,It's the best prison movie.
10,An unprecedented movie!
10,☆☆☆☆??? ☆☆☆☆ Good good
10,★★★★.★ Unable to measure score
10,I'm glad I saw you now
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,It's so much more fun than movies these days
10,Make sure to watch it when you are tired or having a hard time. I recommend a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life. I need to keep this
10,I hope everyone can see it
10,the best movie without words
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece... It's a good movie to watch many times
10,a movie that contains every aspect of life
10,This is always a masterpiece
9,I can't believe it's a really sincere movie
10,The reason why I watch a movie.
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,I'm so touched.
10,It's the best masterpiece. The best recommendation. The best
10,A movie that can be used as a lifetime movie. I have a DVD and I have watched it for the 12th time in total.
10,Did anyone watch a movie in 2019? I'll give you 10 points. It was an opportunity to start studying banking.
1,Jo Onna is boring. It's not fun
10,I've seen you a couple of times already.Movies that you want to watch after some time
5,Prison with Han Seokgyu is more fun... Boredom itself
10,I can't believe I just saw this.
10,Why did I watch this now? A film that left Brooks' suicide note deep in his heart.
10,I guess you can find happiness only when you are ready to accept it
10,Hope makes a man live
10,The movie of my life that I can't get tired of
10,It's the greatest movie ever.
10,Brooks was here. So was red... I remember crying so loudly at the ending credit that my mom ran into my room.
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,It's still a masterpiece.
10,The colors and scenery that you can't even cover with CG
10,It's the best. What a movie
10,A must-see movie before you die.
10,I watched this movie for the first time when I was 34 years old. I'm so sorry to see you now. I understand why it is praised as a masterpiece.
10,The best. It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I watch it over the years
10,I just saw this... ha...
10,One of the few movies that is comparable to the first impressions of Titanic
10,Movies that you can't get tired of...except for the fact that it's amazing
10,Thank you for making my favorite movie.
10,Why was it underrated when it was released?
10,The best movie I've ever seen... And the best movies in the future!
10,the best film that best shows the film's true function
10,The movie that I watch whenever my life is like Shawshank...It strengthens my commitment to life
10,I didn't feel bored throughout the movie.
10,My Life Movie 1 Forestgump 2 Shawshank 3 If Only
10,It was shown at school and it was so much fun
10,What did critics (8.50) comment on?
10,The best movie of my life. "I saw you at '95 for the first time and now I'm leaving a review..."
9,Wishing for a life of hope
10,Make sure you watch it. It's the best
10,People who haven't seen it...
10,I just watch it again and again and again and again
10,Go back to first place. It's not a movie to be here
10,A masterpiece has that much reason.
10,That's too bad
10,The last scene made my heart beat faster than anything else. needless words I think it's a masterpiece for no reason.
10,Why did I watch it now? linger in one's mind
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.
10,People need to have hope
10,a masterpiece for no reason
10,The coolest acting scene!
10,It's a touching movie. I want to watch it again and again
10,A movie with a solid story and everything
10,It's a masterpiece again I have hope
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it(Laughing out loud
10,It's a masterpiece that will remain for a long time
10,It's the movie of my life. It still lingers in my heart
10,Best movie of all time.
10,I don't know how many years I've been watching. I watch it once a year every year after year. We'll see each other next year or the next year.
10,You must watch this movie.
10,I finally got to see it crying
10,Hope is a good thing.  Be sure to watch this movie.the real thing.
3,It's just bored... the height of boredom
10,I really liked it I want to recommend it to people around me
10,Bag color Watercolor Bag color Watercolor
10,the best film that needs no more than two words
10,Andy Duprein is so cool
10,A movie that doesn't need words.
10,The will to hope and freedom. A movie that's so impressive movie. I feel grateful for what I saw at the age of 20.
10,A line review that goes over 10 letters
10,There's no need for words. It's a work of art.
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,I have nothing to say. It's 10 points.
10,The reason why I like movies.
10,The last lingering feeling is amazing.That's the best
10,Let's put all the guys in jail for 9 points
10,I don't need words.The perfect movie.
10,A movie that doesn't look tacky even now. It lingers for a long time
10,A masterpiece that I saw belatedly... The DA plagiarized this completely.
10,The textbook of the movie industry will be different from the textbook of the movie industry I'm lucky to see this movie
10,It was an impressive movie.
10,"This is a movie."a flawless film
10,Legend of Legend
10,It's a happy and refreshing song. It's fun even when you watch it again
10,Really. It's a great movie.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's the best masterpiece!
10,It is a movie that made me dream of escaping day by day under a mean director when I was a 36-year-old team leader at a foreign company.
10,The best masterpiece and the best movie of my life
1,This kind of movie always escapes people who are dragged in unfairly.  One in ten thousand people in prison
10,The movie of my life movie! The best movie ever!
10,The first place movie in my heart that hasn't changed since the beginning
10,It's a masterpiece The philosophical implications of life... about life.
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,The best movie of my life...Top
10,Just watch... It's a masterpiece that needs no words
10,There are only five...
10,Who is this masterpiece? I'm sad that there are no movies like this these days
10,This is absolutely perfect.
10,The best movie of my life. A masterpiece even after a long time
10,No one mentioned Brooks... It was so sad
10,Why did I watch this now? I hope everyone in the world can see it이렇게 I have never seen a movie that leaves such a strong impression.
10,The highlight of the show shank escape is from 0 seconds to the end. Hope is good thing.
10,I just saw it. Wow. It was really... It was incredible.
9,The person who watches this movie is possessed by Andy DuPlane
10,There's never been a masterpiece like this.
10,I want to be someone who looks like Andy
10,It's the best movie. I'm sorry for the audience
10,The Lord's judgment is near
10,Maybe we're living in Shawshank unknowingly...Maybe he's dreaming of freedom and escape like Tuprain.With a friend like Morgan Freeman...
10,Hope is a good thing.
2,Isn't it too much to break a thick steel pipe with only stones? Or was it a stone coffin in those days?
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's a great movie. There are a lot of things that I feel from the lines.
10,A movie that's always fun
10,This is a must-see movie
9,The last count will not be forgotten. The story of numerous famous scenes that are still parodied and the horrific homosexual sexual assault in prison. I was very shocked.
10,The first thing that comes to mind when you hear the word "movie"... A movie that lacks the formula for greatness
10,I was very impressed and enjoyed watching it.
10,A movie that you must watch in your life
10,A must-see movie if you're an Earthman
10,A movie that leaves a strong impression.
10,one of the greatest masterpieces in film history
10,Perfect movie material / interest / immersion / atmosphere / ending / acting / everything!inaccessible
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's a masterpiece that gave me so much joy because I was tired of entertainment and love movies recently. I don't know why I cried at the ending scene without realizing it. It's definitely a life movie that will linger
10,I can see why people pick it as their favorite movie. Not comparable to modern movies
10,It's amazing that a movie like this was made 26 years ago.
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,Please re-release it.
10,My favorite movie in my life...
8,put one's heart in one's mouth
8,The Creator of the Survival Film Cliché
10,May the Pacific Ocean be as blue as my dream.
10,The fact that this movie didn't win the Academy Award for Best Picture will remain a stain on the Academy Film Festival
10,I think I know why the movie of my life is a masterpiece.  I've been replaying it for days
10,You didn't watch this movie? Go watch it right now
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I really cried after watching it I was so impressed
10,No movie can surpass this movie in 100 years
10,Thank you for making this movie.
10,Crazy. I can't believe I'm watching my life movie now.I think it will make me have a turning point in the rest of my life.
10,The best movie of my life that I admire every time I watch it on TV
10,A movie that you must watch at least once in your life
10,The best movie of my life. I'll go back to sleep again
10,a film that makes one feel grateful to be alive
10,I think it's one of the best movies on earth.
10,It's the best. The best movie...
10,The afterglow is strong.Who just saw it?
10,Just watch it. Please watch it. You'll regret it if you don't
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life
9,This is called a masterpiece.It's been 2 hours and 20 minutes.
10,This kind of movie has 10 points.  People's movie ratings are too high
10,The Preciousness of the Best Film Freedom of the Best Film
10,I don't know... I really don't know what to say
10,A masterpiece of life. I watch it whenever I need a motive.
10,This is fun even if you watch it three times
10,I keep seeing it... I keep seeing you. Top
10,I want to live with Andy's mindset.
10,What is 'freedom'?
10,I want to erase the memory of seeing this
10,It's not 10 points. It's a movie I want to
10,The top 3 movies I've seen
10,People were more scary than ghosts.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,A movie I want to watch again. Even though it's been so long. What do you mean sophisticated?
10,The best! Why did I watch this now?
10,My favorite movie is so good. You must watch the movie
10,It's a masterpiece!  It's the movie of my life movie.  I pray that you live without losing hope at any moment.
10,It's the best movie of my life. I watched it more than 20 times. I definitely recommend this movie.
10,It's a movie that can't give less than 10 points
10,Best movie of my life... Best movie of my life... The best movie of my life... Wow... It's a masterpiece.
10,"Hope is a good thing."
10,This should be in the top ranks. It's a masterpiece
10,Crazy... Don't hesitate to watch it. Please
10,The well-organized story and even the small worries about humans are fun.
10,Don't make me emotional.
10,It's touching. Seriously.
10,It doesn't make sense. This movie still brings me a lot of lingering feelings.
10,There's never been a movie like this in my life
10,The best movie that is fun to watch from any point
10,The most impressive last scene.
10,A movie that makes me feel sorry that the highest rating I can give you is a rattle 10. A perfect movie
10,The best movie of my life... the few films that are better than the original
10,The best prison break since Papillon!
10,Freedom of hope. I'm not crying because I'm sad. I'm thankful for the movie that made me shed tears of emotion
10,No one will give this movie a score of 9 points.
10,I was so touched after watching the healing movie.
10,I wish it would be re-released.I'm going to watch it again
10,A must-see movie if you're an Earthman
10,My favorite American movie
10,- "There was also Red."
10,I think I've seen it 30 times. He has the power to stay tuned
10,It's a movie that makes my heart ache. I'm glad to see you again
10,I think I can do it if you tell me to watch this all week
10,This is a story of hope
10,A valuable movie that makes you feel and learn new things every time you watch it
10,The only movie I can watch more than 20 times. You can watch it 100 times more in your lifetime.
10,I found my favorite movie.
10,a masterpiece that will go down in history
10,It's the best movie that's thrilling and creepy
10,My favorite movie... Hope is a good thing
10,There is no scene to miss from start to finish.
10,Do you need words?; It's a masterpiece that's meaningless in evaluating
9,It's just that I'm looking forward to it because it's known so much. It's a masterpiece if you didn't know
10,It was a movie of my life that I enjoyed watching every moment. I really regret watching this movie now. This is a movie that you can't get enough of. The last scene is really unforgettable.
10,A Perfect Life Movie (((())
10,I enjoyed watching it. I'm willing to watch it again
10,It's a good movie for people who live in lock-up. It was impressive to see him living in SuOO Kim Ok and being tamed by his life and afraid of being released.Trying to escape the prison of mind.
10,The best movie ★ I think I watched it 10 times.Miss you again ♥~~
10,It's a masterpiece. It's touching
10,I found a new life movie.
10,I think I've seen it 30 times. It's the best movie ever.
10,I want to buy eyes that I haven't seen. I want to see you again.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't stop watching until the end no matter how many times you watch it. Top 5 movies of my life.
10,It's a magical movie where you always watch the ending when you change the channel
10,Why can't I get sick of this?
10,It's fun that can't be expressed in words. A masterpiece forever
10,It is the best of all the movies.
10,A movie that gives you a lot of enlightenment about life!
10,Every line comes into my heart...Hope is a ray of light that anyone can have   It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece movie!
10,I saw it on EBS. I'm reminded of the aftertaste of that time. The lingering emotions of the past 20 years...
10,I can't call this movie a masterpiece.It's a masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch it again. It's a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that doesn't lose value over time
10,This is a masterpiece. About hope
10,What else can you say besides the best movie of your life?
10,A movie 20 years ago. I feel a lot of things even when I watch it again.
10,It's a masterpiece. I'm sure you can relate to this feeling after watching this movie
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,I'm surprised again that it's a 1994 movie
10,I'm sure you've all seen it close to 10 times
9,Excellent movie! What is human?
10,It's one of the best movies of my life.
10,The best movie I've seen over and over again
10,"Hope is a good thing"
10,I can't get enough of masterpieces
10,My cat was watching so hard. I thought I should put a picture of Russian Blue on the wall.
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it...
9,A movie that gives you hope!
10,Why did you watch this movie now? It's a masterpiece
10,You made me log in. It's my favorite movie
10,That's pathetic. I'm 29 years old and I just watched this movie--
10,I hope you watch an amazing movie.
10,Hope is a good thing. Endie-
10,It's been 20 years since I saw this masterpiece
10,Hope is worth it.
10,It's the best! It's the best
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,I realized after watching this movie again in the army. The movie of my life...
10,Would he have kept the script as well as the video? A new moving movie every time I watch it
10,Hope is a good thing It never disappears. The movie is the best... a masterpiece
10,It was more fun to watch Shawshank Escape while watching commercials on TV than most movies in the theater
10,The movie that allowed me to move forward
10,I watched this movie when I was a middle school student and it felt like I watched a work of art for 2 hours.
10,Andy and the prisoners drinking beer while painting tar on the rooftop. It was the most pleasant scene of all the movies and scenes I've ever seen.
10,The movie that made me think a lot last night
10,A movie like the navigation of my life that I watch whenever I have a hard time
10,A movie that looks back on my life
10,Best Foreign Film of My Life
10,The lingering feeling doesn't go away easilyIt's a masterpiece that I regret watching. The best movie of my life
10,How dare I evaluate.
10,Hope is everywhere Endlessly yearn for it
10,It was like being hit with a hammer and hope will take you to a better place‥
10,A movie that you must watch once in your life
10,It struck me again how great the hope he kept saying was
10,a thrilling masterpiece
10,The reason why a masterpiece is called a masterpiece.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you watch the ending credit
10,"I should've died here"... Hoo... It's like I'm watching my life. I'm upset.
9,It's the best movie I've ever seen after being recommended. This movie really impressed me.
10,I want to show my kids and see how they react
10,There is hope in the right direction of life.
10,My heart is full.Hope? No one can take it away.
8,Is this what true freedom is like?
10,It's worth watching.
10,I know how many times I've watched it. I can't understand even one part of it
10,You have to sit down and watch this movie as if you're worshiping someone
10,I can't believe a movie that's over 20 years old can resonate this much
10,The movie that made me find myself living freely but without hope
10,a film that resonates a film that makes one think of hope
10,I want to go back to my young self and tell them. Don't do that... And it was only when I got older that I was able to get out of bondage. It's definitely a movie that makes you think of a lot of things. And I feel relieved and clap!
10,Live or die somehow
10,I think I know why you live. It lingers in my mind. Thank you for giving me hope
10,Wow... It's a really immersive movie
10,How many times do I watch it? I'm touched even if I keep watching it
10,I'm tired of life or I'm in agony right nowI hope you look back on yourself while watching this movie at the interview "Hope is a good thing" line still makes my heart flutter after watching this movie eight times
10,a maiden supervising a group of soldiers
10,It was great.I don't think it's a 90's movie that doesn't leave out acting and content.
8,It wasn't such a big movie for me. It was fun.
10,There is no need for words. This is the movie
10,I cried for a long time after the movie It's the most touching and fun movie I've ever seen
10,It's a really well-made movie
10,I came here to give you stars because all sorts of movies kept going up on "God Shank Escape".
10,10 points? This is 20 points.
10,a well-organized film with fun and lessons
10,There was a time when I craved something.
10,There seem to be many masterpieces among American films from the 90s. This work is also a masterpiece that needs no words.
10,There is no need to say. The best movie of my life movie.
10,I can make such a great work without the new wave or forced emotion that comes out of Korean movies. Korea's film industry seems to be far from being a minority. I'm so jealous of America for making such a perfect movie
10,It's a masterpiece.needless words
10,Best movie of my life! Best masterpiece.
10,It's touching. It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Thank you for watching a movie like this.
10,The pinnacle of my life.
10,I just watched it because my mom told me to watch it. It became a masterpiece of my life
10,Wow... It's my favorite movie
10,What words are needed. Look.
10,Good job. It's a movie that leaves a lingering impressionably
10,the pinnacle of film history What is freedom?
10,This movie is not a movie
10,a movie with the thrill of being touched more than anything else
10,I watched it again today.Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman's performances are overwhelming.I realized again how precious freedom is to be walking on the street.
10,You can't complain if you're at the top of every movie
10,My favorite movie...Life's masterpiece... Make sure to watch it!
10,It shows that life is a movieThe star of life is yourself
2,I'll make it better than this. It's a smelly movie. It's dirty to be friends with black people
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you focus no matter how many times you watch it
10,It was one of the few impressive movies
10,a film of film quality It was a pity that the sword was swept away.
10,I can't help but give you stars Interstellar and Shawshank escape... to become a movie of one's life
10,Perfect structure. Everything is perfect
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The rating is meaningless...
10,The whole plot of this movie exists for the final scene.
10,The ending scene of the last full screen is really heartbreaking.
10,My hobby is watching movies. The movie that gave me that hobby
10,Mr. Zihuatanejo.
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words. A true masterpiece
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it three times
10,A film without a shadow of doubt.
10,I just saw it again on OCN. The red narration is so artistic
10,Need words? I've watched it more than 30 times
2,What prison walls are you turning into?
10,It's a great movie no matter how many times I watch it
10,Movies that you must watch and movies that you want to watch again
10,Do you need a word? It's Shawshank escape
10,I don't need a legend
10,It would have been boring if I saw Seulbang after watching this
9,a hunger for freedom
10,A movie that I watched hundreds of millions of times because it was so good
10,1. Shawshank Escape 2. Notebook 3. Titanic Life Movie
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,No words needed. Best movie ever
10,One of the few movies that memorizes the main character's name. Andy Duprein
10,The result of time and pressure brings freedom
10,It's a masterpiece... I think I'll keep thinking about it
10,The best movie of my life. leave a lingering impression
10,It's a textbook for movies
10,....the movie of my life...10 characters
10,I finished watching the movie. I just lost what to say. Nothing comes to mind.
10,I can't get enough of it even if I watch it 20 times. It's not even tacky. It's my first time seeing a movie that I want to watch again and again.
10,Just look. Don't whine!
10,I watched a good movie well.
1,The best movie of all time
10,I'm not tired of watching it 20 times
10,The movie of my life movie. It'll be a life movie for everyone
10,A movie that gives you great courage when you're having a hard time.
10,I don't need to say anything. It's just the best
1,The title says everything. Spoiler
10,It's a really fun and masterpiece. Make sure you watch it
10,I couldn't get out of it for a long time
10,No.1 with a reason. No.1 with a reason.
1,Is this a movie? Give it to the dog
10,There is no need for words.
10,It's my favorite movie. I watch it again and again when I'm bored. The last scene is touching
10,It's one of my favorite movies.Really good
10,What is true freedom?
10,I got goosebumps after watching the movie
10,It's a masterpiece. I can't describe it in words
10,We can go wherever we want. If you don't doubt the hope and move on...
10,the best film beyond description
9,I can see why it's a movie that a lot of people admit and talk all the time and time again
10,The best move!There is no need for words. A movie that reminds you of the supporting actors
10,What this movie is about is "hope
10,A movie that makes me think a lot. It's like a movie that makes you realize how great it is to trust yourself until the end and not give up.
10,It's different depending on my age.
10,The best masterpiece!
10,The best movie... We'll see
10,There's really no need for words.
10,It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece Make sure you watch it
2,I don't know why this is the best movie.
10,It's crazy. You won't get tired of watching it five times in a row
10,The best movie of my life...
10,23rd episode is over. Let's take a look at it's over
10,A movie that leaves a deep impression.It was a grateful movie
10,This is a real movie. a movie of one's life
10,There is a reason why it is called a masterpiece.
10,Movie of my life. I think I've seen it dozens of times.
9,It is a work that leaves hope.
1,an obvious ending to an obvious story A representative movie that shows that Naver's rating is unbelievable.
10,I hope it was a good movie.
10,The movie that I recommend first when I recommend a masterpiece or life movie to the younger members
10,It's different from what I saw when I was young and what I see now. It's a movie that doesn't compare
10,It was the best movie of my life.
10,It's the best movie
10,I'm reporting my nickname to a movie masterpiece
10,It's the best masterpiece Watch it twice. Watch it ten times lol
10,I think it's just a crazy movie
10,All I could think was that it was amazing
10,At least the greatest movie in the world
10,You look like Nam Joo's DiCaproo
10,a masterpiece ....and...
10,I think it's a movie that makes me think a lot. It sounds good.
10,Thank you for watching this movie quickly.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,so what red..
10,A movie that will make you remember that hope is a good thing forever
10,A masterpiece doesn't care about the times! It's the best masterpiece of my life!
9,Life changes when you see it. It's boring but meaningful.
10,The best movie of my life...Freedom comes to those who never let go of hope!
10,It was the best movie ever. It still lingers...
10,I hope there are more people who live with hope in reality and more people who see the light through hope.I felt that the furthest distance in the world was between hope and despair.
1,It's so much fun. I want to do horoscope terrorists
10,I can't think of a movie that can surpass this movie
10,What more do you need to say? A must-see movie in your life
10,You have to watch this. Every year
10,The movie of my life that I have to watch...You can watch it two or three times
10,I should watch Patriot Day 5 times and this 15 times
10,the best film of all time
10,My heart was full as the ending approached.
10,Let's not try to judge any more.
10,The freedom to sit down and watch movies and the hope to dream of what I want to do are important and they are a great source of vitality in our lives and I am so grateful for this free environment
9,It's a masterpiece that will remain in this generation.
10,It is the best movie I have ever seen since I was born 5 years before I was born.
10,A great masterpiece. A movie that will go down in history
10,It's the best movie of my life. The best
10,I'm honored that this movie exists in my time.
10,It was a movie where I was hit on the head with a hammer. It's a must-see movie.
10,Tell me how to make a movie
10,The best movie you can watch until the end when you inadvertently turn on the TV channel
10,Why can't we make this kind of movie?
10,I watched it twice in a row.
9,Such movies are rare these days.
10,The best movie of my life~ The best movie I've seen more than 20 times^^
10,I think I find hope in life by watching this movie when my life is tired and hard
10,an amazing film with a real aftereffect
10,Do you need a word? Three bottles of beer is the end
10,I respect you for 19 years It's one of the best five movies of my life.
10,It's so cool. I'd appreciate it if I could watch it again
10,Hope is a good thing.Little courage wriggles.
10,You just did it again on TV...I was so jealous when Red became a real free man on the bus
10,A true masterpiece...
10,He who is freed from fear is a true free man.
10,I know why it's a masterpiece. This is because I felt the same emotion whether I saw it when I was young or when I grew up.
10,a wordless film of life
10,The first movie that comes to mind if I were to talk about 10 movies of my life
10,I hope I can cross the border safely.I hope to meet my friend and shake hands.I hope the Pacific Ocean is as green as I saw in my dream.I hope.
10,I'm so glad that I can watch this movie
10,The best movie of my life is so touching
10,The last scene where Red and Andy were reunited and moved away.I still can't forget...The best masterpiece that will last 10 or 20 years.
10,It's just a masterpiece. No need to explain
10,Don't watch weird Korean movies and watch things like this. It won't even be comparable
10,Top of top. Legendary.
10,It's just amazing. A movie I've been holding my breath for two and a half hours
10,I really lost track of time and watched my favorite movie
10,Wow... I can see why you call it the greatest movie ever.
9,Title. Spoiler. It's too much
10,The best! The best! You're the best!
10,I'm horrified that there are poor people who have no eye for such masterpieces and cannot be moved and felt. What do I usually watch and enjoy? Movies made up of only stimulating elements? There is a serious lack of perspective on the movie
10,It was a relief to see you at a late age when you needed to
10,It was the best movie of my life. I hope you watch it no matter what
10,I'm glad I saw it nowlol
10,I really cried when I sat down at the end. It's a movie that deserves the best ending
10,There is no need for words. This is because there is no expression to contain any words.
10,Why did I watch this now?
1,I saw it in 2017.It's just an old movie
10,Is there another movie like this? I can't believe I've seen such a masterpiece now. I can't help but leave a rating because I'm sorry. This movie will remain a real masterpiece in 2020 and 2030.
10,I lost track of time and watched it. The ending makes me feel sad. I will live without losing hope
10,Masterpiece! Masterpiece! Masterpiece! Masterpiece!
9,Do you need words? The last bitterness is really...
10,Why is this movie always number one? I think it's because it's a life like a movie
10,I'm so touched.Hope
10,The best movie of my life. Unchanging ranking
10,I was so moved by the movie of my life
10,A movie that must be seen once in your life. Even the generation who only like unconventional things these days will have a time to think while watching this movie.
1,I don't like it -- about six points
10,I think I know why it's No. 1 in all movies
10,I think it's up to you to take everything.
10,A film dedicated to all who live because there is hope
10,A really great movie. Each scene is so cool
10,Legend of Legend
10,I can explain it in two words "Look"
8,consider the ambivalence of Shawshank
10,Watching this movie even now is a great luck and feels like a gift. It is a film that shows that movies are not just entertainment. I want to recommend it to my future self again.
9,I knew why it was a masterpiece. A movie that makes me smile when I watch it.
10,It's a story line that's hard to see in Korea. It's grand and detailed.
10,You just saw this? Make sure to watch it
10,It was a masterpiece for no reason.
10,become a good life by watching a good movie
10,Life is divided before and after watching Shawshank Escape
10,I'm touched even when I see it 20 times.
10,A masterpiece! A must-a masterpiece!
10,There's no other movie like this even if you watch it from above or in detail!
9,I'm losing track of time even when I look at it again
10,A movie that I watch every time on TV. A masterpiece that I admire every time I see it
10,There were a lot of Hollywood masterpieces in the 1980s and 90s when we were in school.
10,It's all fun and touching!
10,It's an amazing movie.I watched it with my mouth open at the end (Singing "Crying
10,I can't change the channel every time I see it 10 times on the cable and keep sending it to the end.
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,I hope Andy is happy until he dies.
10,The ending scene was when I cried
1,It's so obvious
10,Best movie to watch twice
10,A healing film that speaks silently but never gets bored and resonates in your heart
10,an unforgettable movie of life
10,Explain the movie in two letters. a masterpiece
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,A movie that makes us realize how precious and thankful our daily lives are
10,A masterpiece that can't help but give you 10 points
10,Best movie ever. I can't forget it.
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life.
10,I saw it at school and I was wondering what movie it was. It was this movie. It's really amazing
10,A movie that you can't get enough of. That's how wonderful a movie is.
10,an incredibly intelligent film from 1994
10,I'm innocent if I kill someone who gives this movie a point and go to Shawshank prison
10,A movie that I watched too late when I was 24 years old
10,A movie with a rating of 100
9,I enjoyed watching the movie
1,Let's play rock-paper-scissors in front of the mirror
10,My friends asked me if I had seen the best movie yet. I was in the top 3 of my life
10,The best movie ever...!
10,This is my favorite movie.
10,I am so touched. I think I know why it is ranked first.I think I should live my life to the fullest.
10,All I can say is that it's a masterpiece.
10,The movie that warms my heart
10,I suddenly thought of it at dawn. I'm going into Shawshank.
10,Acting scenario storyline...It's a masterpiece that's beyond all time!
10,It's my first time registering my GPA.
10,There is no fruit that makes life worth living as freedom.
10,I have hope. I'm touched
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,It's still lingering...You have to watch it before you die.Really...
10,I'm so glad I just saw it I want to recommend it to people around me
10,This is just... the textbook existence of all films
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Is there anyone who doesn't know?The best movie of my life. That scene on the poster is really touching and joyful. A movie that I've watched more than 10 times.
10,Why did I finally see such a great masterpiece? Brilliant!!
10,Is this movie boring?It is to admit that less than 9 points for this movie are things that you don't know or watch
10,His ability to plan everything and execute it perfectly
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,There is no need for words. You have to watch it.
10,The best masterpiece of my life...
10,The story of a man who is constantly striving for hope and two men who adapt to the dark realities... It's so nice to see you reach your hopes at the end
10,A movie of my life that I have to watch more than three times before I die
10,This movie changed the best movie of my life
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The movie that made me know director Frank Darabont
10,One of the best movies!@
10,A masterpiece of the century. That's the end of the explanation
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words.
10,Is there a reason? a ten-point movie
10,How can I understand the feelings of the two main characters in the last scene?I remember watching the last scene of the movie and laughing while looking back at the troops after I was discharging from the army
10,Good. It's my favorite movie
10,I think this movie is a masterpiece
10,Do you need words? It's just good
10,Do you need words? Top 1 movies of my life
10,A movie that I'm reviewing movies.
10,I still can't forget this movie.
10,Is there a reason to dislike this movie?
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it.
1,What? How high-- let's keep it down
10,Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,I don't need wordsI like it a lot.
10,A movie out of 10 stars.It's very well made
10,Is there any room for further explanation A movie like a Bible about will and hope
10,I got goosebumps in the last scene.
10,It's a must-see movie in my life
10,It's a masterpiece movie that makes you unable to change the channel.
10,I watched the movie three times in two days
10,There's a reason why NAVER's movie score is No.1
10,A masterpiece you must see more than once before you die
10,a ten-point movie without disagreement
9,There was a famous reason.
10,This is the best... I was more touched when I saw it again
10,It's a movie with more than 10 points. The movie of my life movie.
10,It's perfect. Make sure to watch this
10,You don't have to tell me Shawshank Escape is the best movie ever
6,an overrated film
10,It made me feel overwhelmed
1,I'm Terminator Willback
10,A movie that makes you think a lot about true freedom and hope.
10,I'll see you again.
10,It is a movie that gave hope. Recommendation
10,I'm touched even when I look at it again. A delightful ending. It's a movie with an ending credit without feeling uncomfortable.
1,The comments below me are the eyes and cognition OO.
10,I don't know what to say.
10,Hope is a good thing!!
10,a comforting film
10,Please explain why this movie's rating is not 10 points
10,I'm going to watch a movie that will be memorable in my second year of high school.
10,I don't think more movies can be made in the future
10,Thank you for showing up in my life
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,The movie that makes me live today
10,A movie that's fun to watch again
10,It is one of the most interesting masterpieces even now that time has passed.
10,Nice shot... Childish and low quality work for teenagers these days
10,One of the top five movies of my life
10,Bo was immersed and moved gently throughout. A film that makes you feel how important hope is. It's the best movie that doesn't need words.
10,Marriage of Figaro...  The scene is so clear in my head.
10,It's been a while since I've seen him and talked to him It's a good movie. Thank you It's so touching. My dad said it's his life piece
10,This is a masterpiece. This kind of movie!
10,What's the point of saying it?a masterpiece
10,The best word is everything in this movie
10,Life movie... I regret watching this now
10,I can't watch other movies anymore
10,A movie that perfectly matches the word masterpiece
10,The journey of a framed man to freedom was great.
9,It is a movie that shows that there is no limit to human beings with tough persistence.
10,The best movie. The touching last scene.I highly recommend the story of Endy changing the prison!
10,It's my favorite movie. Watch it before you die
10,It's a masterpiece. Can a movie from 20 years ago be like this?
10,This kind of movie will never come out again. It's my life movie.  There are people who don't know
10,This is what movies are like...
10,This is the movie of my life
10,The existence of life that comes out of one's life
10,It's my first time getting a movie rating in my life. Please make the movie like this
10,I regret why I only saw it now.  It's a masterpiece.
10,A movie that makes you think deeply about freedom
10,That's a trick. There's no needless words. You must see it at least once in your life. The first review.
10,I don't think there's a movie this perfect.
10,the best movie without words
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is as green as my dream.
10,There is a reason why it is a solid No. 1 even if numerous movies continue to appear.
10,Please watch a good movie
10,Thank you for letting me watch this movie
10,I'll never forget the ending on the beach
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life
10,I'm waiting for a movie like this to come out in Korea
10,It's the best movie ever. Wow
10,Is there a score higher than 10 points?
10,the best movie without words
10,A movie that taught me about the meaning of life
10,A movie with the best popularity and a movie with the best cinematography can be another movie. But a movie that is both the best will not surpass this one.
10,I wonder if this kind of movie is really a movie
10,My best work of my life
1,It's too much. Just...
10,I really enjoyed it. It's a masterpiece
10,I really don't need words.
10,I'm glad I saw you now. This movie deserves the highest praise.
10,Let's fall in love with the best movie
10,Who gave this movie a point?
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,Actor Tim Robbins. I'm rooting for you!
10,It's really touching! Shawshank escape!
9,I loved the ending
1,round and round in confusion
10,A movie that leaves a deep impression even after watching it like a sunset.
10,A film that makes you realize the meaning of true freedom
10,It's really fun. I have no regrets.
10,There is no need for words. the best movie
10,Fear will lock you up as a prisoner and hope will set you free!
10,It's a masterpiece. A masterpiece
10,Where are the idiots who give this best movie a point?
9,Redemption: The meaning of salvation is well expressed. The drama is neatly made to fit the genre. But the escape process is plain
10,It was a great movie. I'll watch it again
10,Good. As expected
10,Freedom was so good
10,The only flaw in this movie is the Korean title
10,dream of escaping to freedom
10,It's really cathartic.I think it's a perfect movie until the end.
10,I think it is a movie that doesn't need long words.
10,It's so touching. A masterpiece of masterpieces!
10,One of the few movies I still remember
10,the first movie to be rated
10,You don't need words. Look before you die
10,The best movie of my life movie. It's really crazy.
10,The best movie of my life.
10,I think I forgot something important
10,I've watched it more than 20 times and it makes me feel the best every time I watch it
10,Movies that I watch whenever I'm having a hard time... It comforts me
10,It's the best. A movie that doesn't need words
10,A must-see movie in life
10,It's my favorite movie. Why did I watch it now? It lingers for a long time
1,A good movie or a movie you want to watch again.
10,The best movie you can't argue with
10,I'll give you 10 points!h
10,I've never seen a movie where I can feel all these emotions in my life
10,Do you need a reason to give him 10 points?
10,It's always fun to watch. It's always fun to watch
10,How can I rate this movie? I'm captivated by the unknown emotions and emotions... It's beautiful. Hope is a good thing. Good things don't go away.
10,I found my favorite movie.It's a masterpiece
10,It's a relief that I saw you now
10,It's the first movie I've watched in a daze until the ending credits go up to the end.Is there another masterpiece like this?It's an amazing movie
10,It's been the essence of my life. I'm grateful.
10,My favorite movie... It comforts me when I'm having a hard time and when I'm sad
1,This is not a point. I want to give 11 points.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot throughout the movie. It's a masterpiece
1,Someone was the triggering...
10,Don't doubt anything. Just watch it
10,I can understand the most touching episode
10,It's a very good movie.
10,It's hard to feel all the emotion without watching this movie.I think the last scene was the director's good move.
10,one of the best movies I've ever seen
10,a specimen of a well-made
10,A very good movie to watch in the army.
10,It's a movie that's always touching whenever I watch it again
10,A masterpiece is fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things never go away.
10,It's all in this movie Not to mention the actors' performances It's just a movie with 100 points
10,It's a masterpiece of my life
10,It's really one of the best movies.
10,You don't need a review to get a horoscope
10,The movie of my life. I have to watch it before I die.
10,Awesome. It's fun. It's the best movie ever
10,One of life's movies. Both the content and the production are excellent.
10,I hope people of all ages will watch this movie in the future.
10,A movie that gave me a chance to think about what freedom is
10,Why did I see this now?
10,The top 10 movies you must watch in your life
10,It's enough to make you fall into the illusion of a true story.
10,It's a legendary movie
10,Why did I watch this movie so late?
10,Opportunity comes only to those who do not give up.That's great. I think I've seen it 10 times.
10,I think I've seen it 50 times.
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,I think this is the best movie of my life
10,I think I know why it's No. 1 on NAVER
10,The movie that I enjoyed without boring parts. The title of the movie is a spoiler
9,The motif of Prison Break
10,What do you need to say? 10 words
10,A film that presents a truly human way of life
10,The movie of hope movie...^^
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen the renaming?
10,It's a very good movie.
10,It's perfect. It's a perfect movie in every way
10,It's a really well-made masterpiece. I can't believe I've finally seen this kind of work
10,Shawshank Escape. My favorite movie.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this masterpiece. It's a masterpiece made by God.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you feel a new emotion no matter how many times you watch it. Hope is a good thing.
10,It is a movie that makes you feel the importance of free life. And it is a movie that encourages you to live with hope in your life. It's the movie "The Best" that reminds you to live your first life without giving up on anything and not regretting it.
10,A bird with brilliant wings to live in captivity
10,I can't believe I'm watching such a fun movie now.
10,indescribably heavy
10,I've never seen a movie like this before. Unspeakably the best.
10,The best movie of my life. Hope set you free
10,an indescribable film
10,It's a calm and heavy movie that doesn't need unexpected tension
10,A movie that asks questions about life
10,A masterpiece that awakens true freedom
10,The movie I've seen the most in my life. I can't count how many times I've repeated it.
10,I wonder why I finally saw this after 20 years of living
10,I did a good job today. I'll see you again in two years.
10,A movie that shows why a masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,That's so cool. There's no need for words
10,The definition of a life movie is this.
10,Does Shawshank's Escape Need Words?
9,Will can only be when hope is satisfied.
10,I was late because I missed the school bus while watching the best movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Please stop playing on the cable. I watch it until the end whenever it comes out.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I don't need to describe my thoughts and feelings
10,I think I know why they call it a masterpiece
10,I wish there would be a movie like this in this day and age.
10,Why did I watch the best movie now?
10,It was like looking at a piece of art
10,A movie that tells you how to live. A movie that reminded us of the value of hope.
9,I'm getting emotional. a hunger for freedom Aren't these things necessary in our lives?
10,Wow... It's really my life's  I highly recommend it to those who haven't seen it!
10,It was a memorable movie
10,That's good.I did a great job
10,I want to give you 100 points!
10,Shut up and I recommend...
10,What is my hope in life?
10,A movie for the rest of my life...
10,It's so touching. It's so touching. Wow.It's a masterpiece
10,I was able to feel the end of my emotions for the first time while watching the movieThank you. Thank you
10,Is there another movie like this in the world?My favorite movie
10,come to a head
10,There are only two movies I've seen more than 10 times in my life. Dark Knight and Shawshank Escape. There is only one movie I have watched more than 15 times in my life. Escape from Shawshank.
10,I've seen it more than 10 times. the best
10,It was so cool. I hope you watch it
10,It's a masterpiece It's touching even after time passes by
10,Is it a will for injustice or a desire for freedom?
10,It's just fun. It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words. I'll watch it again
10,I want to show it to my child
10,Hope beyond hope comes to those who dream.
10,Perfection itself.lol
10,I can't believe I'm watching this now. Old movies have a lot of masterpieces
10,I don't even remember how many times I watched it. It's a masterpiece that makes me feel moved beyond words. Can I watch a movie like this again in my life?
10,I think I've seen about 30 movies of my life
10,Wouldn't it be a waste to criticize a movie like this? It's just the best.
10,A masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,I learned hope after watching this movie. Isn't this what life movies are like?
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words!
10,I watch this movie every time on the cable. Is it the magic of this movie that I can't get enough of?
10,I get out of constipation every time I see it.
10,My favorite movie. What do I need to say?
10,The best movie of my life!!! That's so touching.
10,The ratings that you can understand if you look at them
10,Is there another movie like this?
10,A masterpiece that made me realize that a movie can have a huge impact on my life.
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,This is the movie!
10,The poster scene is touching. The movie that I didn't understand when I was young on the movie channel
10,It's always the best movie
10,Just a ranking number one well qualified movie.
10,There's no time to argue about this or that. It's solid. It's fascinating to see Andy's ability. You can just look at the ones that are considered masterpieces.
10,The best movie I've ever seen again...
10,Morgan Freeman's every line act shines the film
10,The movie reminded me that hope is the most important thing everywhere.I got goosebumps at the end.It's a movie that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch it
10,There's a reason why it's called a masterpiece
10,Thank you for the rerun.
10,Why did I see this now?
10,A movie that gave hope and courage.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I hope. The last scene was so cool...
9,Sometimes when life is meaningless... I've been watching this movie on cable over and over and over again. It seems a little bit meaningful again. That alone is fine.
10,I can't believe I just saw such a great movie
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece for no reason. It's a great movie that's hard to judge
10,It's a great eternity.
10,It's a masterpiece that's touching even if you watch it 10 times
10,You really enjoyed your beer
10,Is there a movie that has a more overwhelming happy ending than this?
10,It's fun to watch the best movie a few times
10,I don't think there will be a movie beyond this movie. The expression is impossible except for the expression 'normless wall'. The whole movie is a great scene... I am grateful that I watched this movie alive.
10,The best movie ever...
10,It was very immersive and the actors acted really wellI think the 1995 movie is unbelievably well made
10,The first movie that allowed me to watch until the end
10,It was truly the best movie.
10,a calm film to the end A movie that cheers you up when you are having a hard time. There are at least 7 kinds of life in one movie.A movie that comes to mind
10,I just watched it and I want to watch it again
10,It's good even if you watch it again
10,I can't take a point off this movie
10,My life movie! :;
10,I enjoyed watching it on Blu-ray~~!
10,Best movie ever ^^
10,So what Red..
10,The movie of my life movie! How many more masterpieces are there in the history of movies?
10,The best movie of my life! It's one of the movies that I want my children to watch.
10,The last beach scene is really awesome. My heart was pounding and I couldn't get out of my seat.
1,Because we need to adjust the assessment...
10,There's no action. It's just a prison life story be not bored  Look at the conclusion
10,It's a movie that only comes out like "Wow!"
10,It's a movie that will be remembered as a masterpiece. It's the best movie of my life
10,A movie that I watch once a year
10,the greatest movie of all time
10,Top 3 personal movies of my life
10,The last scene where the two of you meet makes me shudder.
10,I'll give you 10 points and watch a movie
10,I don't need to say anything. Why do you want me to write more than 10 letters?
10,A movie that makes you log in
10,A movie that's perfect!
10,There is no need for words. the best movie of one's life
10,Awesome. Shawshank Escape is really fun
10,A movie that makes me speechless. I regret seeing it now and I'm glad to see it now.
10,In memory of Allen Green...
10,Freedom to live in fear is more unhappy than restraint to live in comfort. The difference between Red and Brooks is the presence or absence of hope.
10,It was a lot of fun.
10,The best movie of my life. I think I've seen it more than 50 times.
10,The best movie that influenced values
9,I can't forget the last escape and the roar.crying
10,I'm going to watch a movie that touches my heart every time to time
9,Morgan Freeman's voice was so good. And the freedom of the main character after the last escape. The best movie ever!
10,You're the best. I'm so touched
10,Can a man who has lost his freedom and hope truly be called a "freedom man" who lives his life...
10,Wordsless "Life Movie"
10,Thank you. Again and again
10,It's a masterpiece of my life!@
10,Why did I watch the movie of my life now? I just blame myself
10,Korean alphabet
9,I think that's why I crave freedom
10,10 points. I really enjoyed it.
10,There are birds trapped in a cage and unable to live.
10,The last scene where Andy and Red meet... Oh...
10,I don't think my GPA is 9.86. Let's raise it up
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
10,I couldn't help but admire the moment the last two were reunited. A masterpiece of my life is something like this.
10,I can't say the movie that makes me blank for a while after watching it.
10,It's a movie that has nothing to say
10,The movie gets more and more interesting as it goes on
6,The dignity of man comes from himself.
10,It's definitely a perfect score. The ending is beautiful
10,I saw this for the first time and it was so touching that I almost cried.I miss you again.I really recommend this!
10,It's really a masterpiece
10,A movie that lacks 10 points.
10,I can't believe I just watched this movie now
10,10 stars is enough. Do I need words?
9,An interesting movie every time I see it. A movie that makes me know why it's a masterpiece.
10,It's sad that I can only give you 10 stars
10,It was a good movie.
10,We deserve to win first place! It's the best.
4,I feel bad about being a criminal because I think I'm living too well. I think all murderers should be locked up in solitary confinement --
10,It is a movie that I want to watch many times.
10,I regret seeing it now. The movie of my life movie.
10,It's the best. I can't forget it
6,It's the best movie ever lol
10,The movie was perfect from start to finish
10,I can't express it in words. The best movie of my life! I really want to make a movie like this before I die I will work hard to make a movie that is comparable to Shawshank escape
10,A movie with 10 out of 10...
10,My favorite movie. Probably the best movie of my life until I die
10,I don't know how many times I watch my life movie
10,I can't get enough of this movie. I turned on the TV again today and it took me 2 hours
10,Best movie ever! Hope is a good thing
10,It's my first time getting a GPA A movie that no one would regret if they watched it!
10,I don't need any more words. This is a masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch again. 10 letters
10,I didn't watch the movie because I knew the title.It's the best movie ever
10,a film that makes one think of freedom
10,The best movie of my life...Andy Duprein and Red...Freedom and friendship...And one of the few masterpieces that makes us look back on our lives.
10,I have to watch it before I die. I have to show it to my children
10,I still remember borrowing a video tape from a rental shop 20 years ago and watching it with the whole family at home. It means more to me than a masterpiece.
10,What is freedom?
10,I don't know what to write... It's just the best
10,I have another life movie It's too bad we're seeing each other so late.I looked back on my life so far.
10,I just want to say it's a masterpiece.
10,A really good movie...A movie that you have to watch at least three times in your life
10,It is a great movie.It's really...
10,A must-see movie for the slaves in Sinan County!
10,I get emotional when I see the ending I like you
10,It's so touching.It's my favorite movie
10,It seems that the true Shawshank "escape" is not just the body escaping from Shawshank. To win freedom completely out of a few OOO's prison time. Isn't that the true Shawshank escape? That seems to be the difference between Andy and Brooks.
10,I was immersed in watching it during the running time. Top
10,Why did I watch this movie now?The movie that impressed me a lot after a long time...
10,It is a movie that makes me feel moved and courage that makes me know true freedom.
10,I think I'll keep thinking about my life movie every night
10,Watching the protagonist find his way and do it to the end without giving in to unreasonable conditions of reality.It makes me think a lot
10,What kind of movie will come to mind as I live my daily life? Watching it once changed my mind before and after watching it. That's enough
10,The masterpiece of SARS is memorable.
10,The best movie of my life with Forrest Gump
10,A film that makes you think about the meaning of true freedom
10,Who dares to give the film a score of 10 or less?The best movie that won't even meet 10 points
10,It's really my favorite movie
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it
10,Thank you for watching me now
10,What freedom was it from?
10,It's a neat and well-made movie. It's so nice without feeling uncomfortable
10,The movie that changed my life is so touching
10,The only movie I can discuss hope
10,The best movie I've ever seen.
10,The best movie of my life
10,What kind of trash made the title like this?Koreans are so unhappy because they have to see a masterpiece of the century under this title
10,Rating 9.36 is a high rating but a low rating for the film.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,I don't even remember how many times I watched it.
10,Movies that you want to watch over and over again
1,This style...
10,The movie of my life! And the main character is so handsome
10,There are kids who give 1 point everywhere.I really watched it without any time to be bored.
10,There is a good reason why old movies are so famous so far. the best movie
10,It's a movie that makes you stare at the ending credits.
10,It's the best. It will be the first and last movie to give ratings to Naver movies. Let us appreciate this freedom that we enjoy every moment.
9,stress the importance of hope
10,It's a movie that's okay to watch so many times. I think it's calm and expresses the most important thing in life well.
10,It's one of the movies I really want to show my son
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,I still can't forget the last scene The best movie of my life ♥
10,A movie that I've seen more than 150 times with my hands on my heart. It's one of the masterpieces that marked the peak of my joy in watching a movie.
10,It's my life movie. I hope you make time to watch it
10,A masterpiece. It has a pleasant ending and a lesson.
10,I felt the hot heart of this movie. I want to say that it was the movie that made me the most excited in my 19 years of life. I want to have my hopes for a high school senior who has given in to reality now.
9,a calm and moving film
10,a masterpiece of calm and resonant masterpieces
10,Yes?
10,The movie that changed the ranking of my life movie...
10,To Jihuataneho's Bucket List
10,There is no need for words. You'll find out if it's just a masterpiece.
10,A movie that comes to mind when you think of hope
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,Movies that I'm going to watch a few more times
10,That's the only thing I can say
10,Quietly touching. Famous lines...
10,The best movie of my life... There are many wise sayings in the movie and I should live my life thankful even in my busy daily life
10,release a solitary bird into the sky
10,It's a perfect movie. I'll look for it whenever I think of it
10,Hyeongseok gave you 8.5 points after putting all kinds of rhetoric on it. I guess the critic shouldn't give you more than 9 points. It's your last pride to give you 1.5 points after rave reviews
10,Do you need words?
10,It's a masterpiece...Haha
10,The best movie...No regrets
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words
10,The best movie of my life
10,From the second half of the movie... This is my real life from now on
10,The best scene is the scene where Figaro's marriage resonates in prison.
10,There's no need to say that I know my GPA well because I'm lazy. I think it's a life-changing movie.
10,A movie that you have to watch and think about once a year
10,I am happy that I can dream after watching this movie
10,I can't believe I just saw this now.
10,an exquisite push-and-pull of daily life and deviations
10,It's so much fun. Really
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,It showed how important it is to have hope in a world that is vulnerable to bondage.
10,Let's give him a rating for the first time That's how much I enjoyed it. I can't forget the last scene
10,I'll try to live with hope
10,The best movie I've seen more than 10 times
10,I am touched every time I see it.
10,Make sure you watch it. It's the best movie
10,Everything is impeccable. There is a hope that Korean movies will demand a forced impression of the obvious story and that there will be many good movies in Korea that have a clear message and are not pushed back in story and production.
10,I'm just sad that I can't give you 10 points
10,A movie that you watch until the end whenever you rerun it
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it. I'm doing it again
10,I'm sorry I didn't see you in the theaterIf it was re-released...
10,Best movie ever. Best movie ever
10,It's a pity I didn't see it in the theater.
10,It is my first time to post a review while watching a movie. There is no need for words.
10,The last scene was impressive I felt like I was in heaven
10,All I can say is that it's a masterpiece. A must-see movie before you die
10,A movie with a strange charm. I can't get enough of it.
10,I'm still watching until the end when I'm on TV
10,There's no needless space
10,I was so touched when Andy and Red reunited
10,Good...
10,Andy Duprein to listen to Mozart's "Sull'aria". The most touching scene where you can always feel the charm of music.
10,The best movie that I can say without hesitation to people who ask me about my life movie. The movie that makes my heart flutter every time I watch it after watching it more than 10 times. The movie is like a law to me.
10,I can't help but give you 10 fun movies.
10,I enjoyed watching it.Haha
10,I can't explain hope and joy in words
10,Do you need anything more to say?
10,Why did I watch this movie now? The last reunion is the best ever. Goosebumps.
10,Movie websites such as IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes do not have higher ratings than masterpieces such as Godfather and Dark Knight.
10,Perhaps the definition of hope
10,It's a movie that hasn't been awkward for a long time... It's also enlightening
10,Some birds shouldn't be caged
10,This is a masterpiece
10,A touching and beautiful movie that spreads the wings of freedom in the sky of Shawshank. A masterpiece of a masterpiece. One of the few legendary movies that touched my heart. "Fear will lock you up as a prisoner and hope will set you free."
10,the most ridiculous work of all time
10,It's been a while since I looked it up.  It's fun even after a long time.L
10,There's a bird that can't be trapped in a cage. The wings are too ecstatic to be trapped.
10,It was so touching and it made me look back on my life I think it was a good choice
10,The best movie of my life
10,142 minutes of ecstasy and wonder
10,I can't give you another score.
10,I saw it because it was the highest rating. Now I know why it's No.1
9,Isn't this a movie called "Royal Fire"?  Showing everything in the shower as a group of male prisoners. Is it okay for a man to show anything?
10,The most impressive and touching movie I've ever seen
1,Is it that great? I don't like it
10,I watched the best movie.
10,The best! I really enjoyed watching this movie
10,The best movie of my life.
10,I'm sure it's the best movie
10,Why is the rating so low? It's not even 9.5...
10,I regret and thank you for knowing this movie now The best movie of my life
10,One of the best movies.
10,The most touching moment of my life...
10,It's an eternal masterpiece in my heart.
10,It's the best. It's fun. It's the prison story. It's fun I watched it more than 10 times. I'm so touched
10,This movie is the best I can't deny it
10,I am happy to see this movie
10,I want to shake a warm handshake with my friend.
10,I want to hear Red play the harmonica.
10,Towards a 9.4 GPA!
10,I hope! I hope!
10,It's enough to think about what's important in life
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,I can't put it into words...
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,Good... You're really the best. Please watch it
10,My favorite movie... Everything was good.
10,Count Monte Cristo is also recommended for a similar movie
10,Is there another movie like this?
10,It was fun. I hate heat generation
8,I saw it twice in a week. a masterpiece
10,This was the best movie of my life.  It's a movie that makes you think of something new every time you watch it over 20 times
10,Andy never loses his faith in prison. That's cool. A movie that makes you reflect on yourself
10,Who gave me 1 point?
10,You eat the best. 10 letters.
10,It's a masterpiece even after a masterpiece
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Good laugh
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,I watched the best movie rating and it was the best
10,It's one of the best movies
10,I'm touched even when I see it again after many years
10,a legendary work without words
10,My favorite movie. I even have a DVD. It's a movie that makes your hands sweat even if you watch it more than 10 times
10,It's fun to watch the best movie again
10,The best movie I've ever seen.It's a masterpiece. No words needed.
10,It's a movie about life itself.
1,I don't think it's a big deal. It's not realistic
10,There's no need for words.This movie is //
10,It's good to watch it again~~~~
10,It's definitely the best movie.
10,The last one is a really cool and neat movie
10,I learned a lot from this movie when I was a senior in high schoolI thank this movie for knowing what freedom I want.
10,You're the best. I don't need another word
10,The best masterpiece of my life...
10,I'm tired and numb right now.I happened to see this movie.A movie that tells us the true meaning of tame.This isn't the time.We have to get out of it.
10,Shawshank escape is Shawshank escape.That's more than enough.
10,I don't think we should talk about a masterpiece in front of Shawshank's Escape.
10,My face was smiling from the second half of the wholeheartedly. I was tearing up by the time the ending credit went up. It's a movie that gives me a lot of thoughts and inspiration. A must-see movie.
10,It's the first movie I've ever seen
10,Hope is a good thing. And good things never go away.
10,10 points should be used here
10,"Goo-Nyang's masterpiece" is definitely 10 points
7,Who'd have imagined the greatest escape at the time?
10,I can't forget watching Forest Gump and Shawshank Escape in the movie theater when I was in middle school. You have to watch both movies until the end when you're on TV channel. I've seen Shawshank 20 times. The number of viewers will increase ^^
10,Thank you for making the best movie of my life^^
10,I want to give you a perfect score.
10,It's a really good movie. I'm sad that none of the other movies of the main character stand out to me
10,No.1 movie. A moving movie every time I watch it
10,It's a movie that touches your heart with solid scenarios
10,A movie that doesn't need words.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,It's a movie that I want to watch forever
10,Various emotions come to me that are indescribable. Things I've never felt as a child now.
10,O o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o
10,You can give him a point. He evaluates the movie himself. But this movie is unacceptable.
10,That's perfect. You should get 9.8 points
10,It is a famous painting that is interesting even if you know the content.
10,I can still remember the emotion of that time.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie.
10,It seems that anyone who is at some peak in the field of engagement day will approach on of the best movie in my hole life wants light wherever they go. I couldn't help but admire myself while watching it at dawn.
10,What do you need to say?
10,The best masterpiece of my life.10 characters
10,The movie that made me feel the importance of things that are now prevalent
10,It's a good story even if it comes out now
10,This is the movie. I'm so into it
10,It's the movie of my life.It was a very interesting and meaningful movie without boring. A movie that reminded us that humans cannot do anything without hope.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's a good movie. Thank you
10,A movie that doesn't need words!
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,I think I've seen it ten times. I look up some scenes
10,The movie that I'm going to watch dozens of times in the future movies!
10,A man who relied on familiarity and a man who craved freedom. Freedom became a hope and a thrill.
10,Um... do you need a word?
10,The best movie that's always fun to watch
10,I can't get enough of watching movies that don't need words
10,A life movie that tells us that we need to make a desperate effort to achieve our hopes
1,I don't know. I don't know.
10,I saw it today. It was so good.
10,I'm leaving a message for the first time...
10,This movie is a legend.I love this movie
10,I'm just sad that there's no higher score
10,It's philosophy. It's a great thing
10,The movie I want to watch again is No.1
10,It must be the best movie of my life
9,How dare you judge...
10,What's the reason for this movie's rating? I don't even know why professional ratings are in the eight-point range. The best movie of my life
10,Can you give me 20 points?
10,It must be a masterpiece...
10,It's the best movie of my life. It is a movie that makes me feel a lot of things even if I watch it again and again and again. A movie that makes you think about human hope and freedom. A movie that makes you think about the meaning of life and dream of the future.
10,I don't know how many times I watched it again. My favorite movie with Sound of Music
10,Don't lower your GPA. I won't watch Korean movies
10,It's a great movie. Why do I still remember what I saw when I was in elementary school?
10,It's the movie of my life. 1 point... What is it?
10,Hope and despair A movie that makes you look back on the life of China and look forward to it.the greatest masterpiece
10,I love Morgan Freeman's voice
10,It's not a movie you can judge.
10,Look at the title if you want to know the twist of this movie.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,I was happy to see you again at the theater
10,I think I know why Shawshank Escape is called a masterpiece over the years.
10,I think it's close to perfect.
10,It's the first time that a big smile was made in the last scene.  It's the best movie of my life.
10,Jiwataneo is an island where my friend is waiting for me
10,Best movie ever...The excitement of hope and overwhelming emotion...
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,Good things don't go away.
10,I read everything whenever T-secretary does it for me needless words
10,If you ask me to give you 10 points for just one of the movies I've seen so far... This movie is 10 points for me.
10,The man who made this movie is not a man. It's a movie made by a hammer.
10,Why did I see this now? It still lingers...
10,It's such a masterpiece that it's weird not to get 10 points!
10,The thrill of going 500 yards.
9,Unforgettable last twist and crazy acting skills
10,What should I write about evaluating this movie?
10,The scale of the message in the movie teaches the most valuable thing in a huge movie life
10,Really... It's my favorite movie. Thank you for making a good movie.
10,the best film in film history
10,A movie that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Nice and touching movie!!!
10,I regret watching this movie now.
10,Awesome... a movie that doesn't make sense
10,It was so impressive that I couldn't describe it in words. I really recommend it as the best episode of my life!!!
10,I saw this masterpiece today. How can you paint the extermination of a prisoner better than this? But I haven't read a single novel by the original author.
10,You can see my lethargic side of the world after watching Shawshank.
10,I am very dissatisfied with why there is no more than 10 points.
10,It is questionable why the rating has fallen behind Zootopia.
10,The first movie you must watch before you die.
10,Nice movie. I didn't know there was a masterpiece like this in the '90s
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,Hope is a good thing. It's the most precious thing.Good things never go away. - Andy Duprein in the movie. - A movie that gets used to and tamed by something and forgets the meaning of life. Recommend.
10,It is a movie that I want to give 100 points.
10,A movie that touched my heart...Please watch it
10,I'll have to watch it a few more times. I had a really indescribable feeling.
10,The message to our lives in prison is the same thing.  " I didn't like this place at first. But soon you get used to it and eventually you rely on it "
9,The thing I regret the most is that I watched Prison Break before I watched this.
10,I've watched this movie 10 times. 10 points
10,It's not a movie. It's a real art
10,The best movie of my life.
10,The movie I watched with bated breath from beginning to end.
10,The best movie I've ever seen.
10,The magic that makes you watch from the middle to the end
10,It's a movie that makes you feel like Morgan Freeman
10,It was such a good movie I strongly recommend it
9,The last scene that hasn't been forgotten
10,A movie that's good to watch over and over and over again.
8,Embrace to change the self and atmosphere that is realized in a place that restrains people and takes away their original self.
10,The class of masterpieces lasts forever
10,This is the most touching movie I have ever seen. Andy cried when he met Red in Mexico.
10,It's the best. I can't help but say that it's the best movie
10,Was it in 1996?The movie that became the compass of my life in my heart when I was a middle school student
10,It's a movie that I can't talk about
10,You can't help but watch the movie many times on TV
10,Don't watch the movie if you give a point.   It is surprising that he directed such a story. A masterpiece in the history of movies
10,It's my favorite movie. Good
10,Do you need a word? Hope is a good thing
10,one of the best works of one's life
10,Best of the best movie
10,I should always have hope whenever I have a hard time.I'm a free man and I have free will
10,The ending scene was the best part of this movie
10,I'm sorry. I only gave you 10 points.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,The best twist and story I've ever seen
10,It's just the best...
10,Hope will set me free
10,It's so nice. Make sure to watch it.
10,It's the best work of my life.
1,It's a waste of money.
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
10,The best movie of my life that gives me goosebumps every time I watch it
10,I hope this movie will be a hope for people all over the world.
10,Why did I watch the best movie now?
10,Throwing away one of the three movies of my life and putting this in
10,It's a movie that you can't help but be surprised and admire. A movie that doesn't waste 10 points
10,The best movie of my life. Do I need anything else besides this?
10,I was more touched when I went to the movie theater. I hope to see it at the movie theater.I know why it's 10 points
10,It's so touching. It's the best movie
10,I watched it a long time ago. It's the best movie of my life.
10,The impression this movie gives is always the same.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,A movie that's good to watch at least once in your life
10,The best movie of my life! "Masterpiece"
10,Thank you so much for re-release.
10,The movie that I want to watch again is the best!
10,I don't need words. I've never thought that I'd watch it again after I watched it
10,I knew what life movie was.
10,A movie that I can't help but give you 10 points. I want to recommend it to everyone I know.
10,A movie that doesn't need words.
10,I'm just going to press it.
10,I watched it rerun on CGV yesterday. I was happy to see my favorite movie on the screen. I was really happy.
10,There is no word to express but the best...
10,The fact that only one point was given to this movie means that other films were not worth commenting on
10,This is quite famous
10,I don't know how to write my first GPA.
10,One of the most memorable movies I've ever seen is really a masterpiece
10,Do you need words?
10,There is no less than ten points. A masterpiece you'll never see again
10,It was because of hope that we could finish what seemed to take 600 years in 20 years
10,This is a great movie that doesn't have a second to throw away
10,This is just 10 points!
10,How can I express my feelings after the movie?
10,The best movie of my life. It's a masterpiece that's still impressive
10,A movie that is unforgettable in my memory. A movie that makes me feel like I was living in that movie. A movie that is hard to express in words. This movie is my life's work
9,Adapting to situations wherever you are
10,You're the best! The best!
10,It's so cool that I don't have anything to say when I re-opening it
10,It's a movie that you must watch every time you watch it
10,Hold on till the end and you'll laugh.On the beach in Hawaii
10,I did log in to give you 10 points. This movie is 100 out of 10.
10,Do you need a word?
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it!
10,A movie that feels freedom in life
10,Hope is good. I have to watch all the masterpieces before I die
10,The reason I exist now. One of my friends is Brooks. a film full of the joys and sorrows of life
10,A masterpiece talks about this kind of movie
10,This movie is just a legend...
10,This is my favorite movie no matter how many times I watch it
10,The movie makes me wonder why there are no 11 points
10,Morgan Freeman seems to be a really good actor. I was an old man 20 years ago and I still feel nervous when I see you acting
10,There's no need for words.
10,The director of "Walking Dead"
10,There is no need for words. It's the best.
10,Do you need any further explanation for this movie?
8,I'm looking at least be a prosecutor? I think it's a story sync in the early and mid spring.
10,Everyone must watch different movies in their lives. I give you 10 points because it is a good movie. I logged in to register my GPA because I was out of first place
10,The first and last movie to get a rating
10,Will I just live by others' standards or will I live as a leap forward with "hope"?  My favorite movie... It's the best.
10,It's a masterpiece. Do you need words?
10,It's just my favorite movie.
10,No words needed. My favorite movie
10,I watch it once a year. It's the best masterpiece that I can't miss
10,There's no need for words to give him 10 points
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,Perfect movie. Every scene has no wrong comma or period.
10,I don't need words. I think it's a masterpiece with Forestgump
10,I dare call it the best closing film of the year.
10,No words needed. Drinking beer on the rooftop
10,Hope... The story of a man who couldn't miss hope
10,Is there no other movie like this?
10,I can't express it in words.It's really the best
10,The reason why movies are art...
10,It's amazing.
10,I hope that all of you who read this will be happy forever.
10,Huh? You're doing it again?Totally love
10,Shawshank Escape Reopens = God-given opportunity to learn life from movies
10,No matter how many times I watch it...  This movie is the best in terms of completeness!
10,I want to see the brain of the person who lost 1 pointMaybe he's a bad fit for society?Is it an attention seeker?I'm so curious. Who lost 1 point?
10,I really enjoyed watching it in the past. How popular it must have been to re-release it
10,It's the first time in my life that I've ever rated a movie and left a commentIt's an amazing movie I think I know how precious my friend is
10,A movie that you must watch in your life
5,The best movie of Grand Josheng.
10,One of my life's movies! Watching and watching is full of tension and catharsis!
10,It is a movie that gave me a big message. I'll make the message tangible.
10,There are always people who don't understand movies and give 1 rating everywhere.s
10,It's a movie that makes you concentrate no matter what
9,My heart flutters every time I see it. How many works are there in my life?
10,How many points did Park Pyeongsik give this movie?
10,A movie that doesn't need words. A movie that you can only see if you
10,It's the best movie. I watched it 500 times.
10,the most lingering prison film
10,It's one of the best movies of my life.
10,It's the best movie that I can still feel touched.
10,I think we should make a movie like this.Hope is great.
10,Hmm... I heard that masterpieces don't go through generations
10,It's weird if you haven't seen this movie.
10,Frank Darabont is a genius
10,A movie you want to give 5 stars times 5 stars
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,It's Shawshank escape... What do you want more?
10,There is no need for words.  A movie I want to watch again.
10,I regretted not watching such a movie in my life.
10,The best movie of my life. A real movie that never gets boring
10,The best movie of my life!I think I've seen it more than 20 times. Welcome to the re-opening!
10,I regret watching this when I was 26 a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,A movie that makes me happy every time I watch it even though I watched it more than 10 times
10,The only movie that has a rating
10,Make sure to go watch it when it's re-released.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,This movie is really ten points.
10,The movie that touches my heart. The best of my life
10,It's so heart-warming. It's so nice
10,It can be a masterpiece without overdoing it or stimulating it can be a masterpiece. I think about life without glorifying it. The importance of freedom...
10,The best movie of my life...
10,The best movie of my life! I think I watch it once a year
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,A movie that lets you know what true freedom is!
10,What words do you need?
10,It's the best movie that doesn't need words.
10,The best ever...A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,A man should see before he dies.
10,I don't know why the OCN ad was picked up today.
10,I want to ask and ask why the person who pressed less than 10 got that score Isn't it a great movie?
10,No words needed. No words needed
10,A movie that satisfies all emotions and fun...
10,The only thing that's in common with Room 7 is that it's a prison background movie. The level is the difference between the sky and the ground
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. It's fun and touching to watch many times.
10,Let's go to Jihuataneo.
10,I think I'll see you again soon.
10,It's a shame to pay for the movie. from the bottom of one's heart
10,It's definitely a masterpiece.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,The only movie I saved on my phone
10,None of the movies I've ever seen are my life movies.
10,A movie that you never get tired of watching... A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words...
10,Best movie. Is there another movie that expresses "Hope" and "Value of Life" so well?
10,The first impression of the movie is another impression of the movie.
10,There's no need for words.a movie to watch and feel
10,The only movie I've seen five times in my 44 years of life!
10,This is a true story.
10,A movie that really makes me feel grateful for where I live is home
9,I want to leave for a place I've never been to. I don't know where...
10,What words are needed?A movie that I'll watch for the rest of my life.Maybe I'll watch it 50 times before I die.
10,An impeccable movie...
10,The movie I watched countless times. I remember being surprised later by putting in a detailed double track in a dramatic progress. It's a perfect
1,Rubbish movies especially the ending are totally out of the blue
10,A magical movie where the schedule disappears after watching it on TV.
10,All I can do after the movie is admiration...
10,I'm surprised there are people who give this movie a rating of one.
10,hope from the end of despair
10,Ha.. It's really so good.
10,This is the movie with the highest rating. What more do we need to say? A movie that you must watch!
10,I think there's a reason why I finally met this movie I gained a lot
10,There is still a lingering feeling when I first saw it for more than 20 years.Tim Robbins's carefully orchestrated production and longing for freedom will be remembered for a long time
10,It's one of the masterpieces that you have to see before you die. It is a wonderful and beautiful movie. It expresses the will of human freedom well. It was like looking at a papillon.
10,There is nothing more to be said.
10,A movie that gives you more time to think about life
10,Just watch it. It's a masterpiece. It's my favorite movie
10,Anyone who's seen this...
10,Freedom and the process of individualization. a human figure
10,I was going to watch it at dawn and go to sleep. What do you mean... It was the best suction power to focus on itself.
10,A masterpiece. A movie that can be expressed in two words
10,Who am I to evaluate this movie?
10,A masterpiece. It changes every time I see it.perfect.
10,This movie keeps NAVER's top 1-3 rating. It's the best movie of my life
9,A movie like a movie I haven't seen in a while.
10,It's a beautiful movie. It alludes to the value of life.
10,It's the best movie to impress people without CG
10,I felt the hope of life in the scene where the blue sea unfolds
10,It's really... I can't put it into words.I wish everyone would look at it at least once.
10,There is no other film that can surpass this one yet
10,It's my favorite movie.
10,The first life movie to give a rating
10,A masterpiece... A movie that you must watch in your life
10,a wordless film of life
10,I was really thrilled at the end.
10,Wow.. It is a movie that lingers in my mind.
10,The yearning for hope and freedom feels great...A movie that's worth forgetting and good to watch when you have time
10,A movie that makes me want to watch it every time I watch it five more times!
10,The movie of my life that I recently watched again! It'd be nice to re-release itcrying
10,Best movie of all time
10,It's a movie I want to watch again
10,Escape to eat chicken!
10,The movie is so much^^^^
10,You did a good job. I watched the most famous scenes on TV every day. I watched the movie because I was curious. The story is really interesting until the escape.
10,It's my favorite movie. I want to watch it again and again
10,It's a movie that gets deeper as time goes by
10,I think it's the best movie ever!
10,Great lines and great acting! a film to write about
10,The best movie of my life with Farewell Hee
10,A movie that has both fun and touching moments. Escape movies are the best since the Great Escape.
10,The best movie of my life!!!
1,It's not fun or interesting because it's such a simple movie
10,The movie where the word "perfection" fits the best
10,I'm so proud that I've only watched this movie for 27 years and left a rating that I didn't use! It's a masterpiece.I hope that teenagers who haven't seen it can watch it after it'Strongly recommended. Strongly recommended
10,It is a great movie that will remain a masterpiece forever beyond generations
10,It's a must-see movie to finally see such a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece that makes people who haven't seen it purple
10,It's a masterpiece of my life
10,Why did I watch such a movie now? I should have seen it when I was younger!
10,The movie that catches my eye again after watching it dozens of times is the best movie ever
10,I think I can't make it any better. I watched it 20 times
10,God... It's awesome
9,It's a masterpiece that makes you watch it until the end
10,It's a masterpiece. I think I've seen it more than 20 times
10,A mysterious movie that I fall in love with every time I see it
10,The best movie of my life!
10,the best movie without words
10,I'm so touched. Falling down
10,It's always the latest movie. A movie that you can't get enough of
10,There is really no need for words.I can't believe I'm finally seeing this masterpiece
10,It's so touching.
10,I can't forget the scene where I drink beer on the rooftop.
10,The only thing I can say is that it's the best.There isn't.
10,a masterpiece that will not be forgotten for many years
10,A movie that makes you go blank even afterwards
10,I don't need words. The movie that I watched the most touching
10,Everything's perfect. The best movie of my life
10,There's no need for words  Make sure to watch it
10,I want to be like Andy Dufrein. Life should be free to do what you want to do and go for hope.
10,I'm a fool to see this movie at 25.Live a busy life or die a busy life
10,It's just plain sick
10,I couldn't believe it was 1994.
10,Let's meet at the special-looking dolrae under the zelkova tree in the playground on the day of graduation^^*
10,Morgan and Tim created the greatest masterpiece.
10,a movie to keep and watch
10,A heart-warming movie. A night with a lot of thoughts...!
10,Hope to cross the border safely. I hope I can meet him and hug him. I hope the Pacific Ocean will be as blue as a dream. I hope. I hope...
10,A movie that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch it
10,Spring five times. Spring five times
10,It lingers in my mind. It is the best movie. There are a few scenes where I cried while watching.
1,I don't know why I'm being praised when I didn't feel that way
10,It's a masterpiece It was a time without regrets.
10,If you don't give this movie 10 points... Which movie should I give 10 points to?
10,It is hard to see the true value of this work at first sight. See you again and again
10,How many better movies can I watch before I die?
10,I can't believe I'm finally seeing this
10,A movie that's good to watch many times!
10,A movie that can be used as a milestone in life
9,an unforgettable masterpiece Hope is the best thing. We can't deny that good thing. How happy would a person who enjoys "freedom" be?
9,A great movie...A real masterpiece
10,I was so impressed.
10,A really good movie...
10,My personal favorite movie
10,My favorite movie is on the road!!!
10,Hope and effort never betray you
10,Why did I watch this movie now? How can I forget the scene where the poster is pierced by the stone I threw?
10,The best movie that kept me awake when I was struggling
10,Oh... A masterpiece that doesn't need words...
10,It's a masterpiece that will come out once in my life!
10,Let's find the first place again!0321
10,I was happy throughout the movie.
10,Man hopes it is
10,a huge and calm film that sent my heart racing
10,The best movie in my life is so much fun
10,I regret watching this movie now.
10,The best movie in OOO's life
10,You have to see this. You don't need to say a word
10,The movie that I really enjoyed in my life!
10,It's a masterpiece. It's the best.
9,It's a masterpiece except that people don't get old even if time goes by
10,There is no need for words. It's the best.
10,A movie that I can't evaluate... A movie that makes you feel more about 19 years later. More than a movie. A piece of art. What kind of compliment is a waste... I'm just thankful that there are people who can make these movies.
10,Why did I finally see this?
10,Why did I watch it now?
10,This is not a ten point. I want to give 100 points.
10,It's not a movie I dare evaluate. The fun and emotion of watching it without knowing what it was when I was in college 20 years ago with my friends at the recommendation of the video room owner remains a clear memory.
10,I don't really watch movies that I can't help but I think I've watched this movie more than 20 times
10,It's fun and touching
10,I watched it again on the CGV channel and I'm still moved.
10,The movie that I fell in love with every time I watched it
10,It is a must-see movie in life and will never be forgotten after years.
10,A movie that doesn't need words! A masterpiece!
10,This is the best even if I look at it again
10,Best masterpiece that doesn't need words. I couldn't turn it off even if the ending credit went up.
10,Definitely 10 points. Definitely 10 points
10,It makes me cry. A very nice movie
10,I think I got hit on the head with a hammer.
10,Good! It was a touching movie!
10,I enjoyed watching it without any boredom I think I know why they call it a masterpiece
10,I regret watching this movie now. It is the best movie ever
10,Every word Andy said was a hint of ending...
10,A movie that you can understand the meaning even if you watch it once
10,I'm sure it's a movie to watch before I die
10,I recorded a video and memorized all the lines. I watched it again and again.
10,It's a really fun movie
10,It's a masterpiece. Look twiceWatch it a hundred times
10,I watch it so many times that I even memorize the lines. I think I'll watch it in the future.
10,I hope it'll be re-released at its peak.
10,a calm but moving film
10,The best movie you can't get enough of
10,A movie with meaningless ratings...I'm looking for Jihuataneo
10,A movie that'll be fun forever.
10,It's a masterpiece. The story itself is so good
10,A masterpiece. You have to watch it before you die
10,I don't know what to write.It was the best movie ever.
10,I think I've seen it 30 times.
10,I got goosebumps at the end.
10,The best movie I can't get enough of
10,An unforgettable film with 'Leon' released in the same year in 1994.
10,Why isn't this being re-released?
10,I don't need words. I think it would be hard to feel this way if I watch this movie and watch another movie
10,It is an honor to watch this movie. It would be nice if there are works like this these days
10,This famous painting makes me cry every time I see it.
10,The best movie of my life
10,The most watched movie in my life
10,What is life and a longing for freedom?
10,A well-made movie. Let's hope.
10,One of the few movies with a better Korean dubbing.
10,The movie is beautiful. How can it be so beautiful?
10,That's awesome. That's awesome
10,It's not boring even when I look at it now
8,Precious freedom gained after decades of creating opportunities without losing hope under the truth of innocence. I wonder how he would have accepted the situation if he hadn't been framed.
10,A movie made in the year I was born.It's been 21 years since I saw you. So much fun
10,A movie that doesn't lack anything...
1,People who say this is the best movie of their lives need to doubt their lives. The movie itself is very boring
10,Wow... This is a masterpiece
10,I can't evaluate it. I have to see it
10,It's obvious to me that it's 10 points!
10,I watched it in the theater when I was a freshman in college and watched it again on TV not too long ago. It's really fun.
10,There's no need for words. It's a movie that touches your heart!
10,I really want to hit myself who just watched this movie. It's really a masterpiece.
10,Don't say it. It was the best
10,A life of longing for freedom.
10,That's the best prison breakout movie
10,This movie cannot be rated as a star
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,I can't believe I just watched this movie.It's a movie that made me feel a lot of thingsa film with philosophy and lessons
10,A movie that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I can't get enough of the best movie of my life
10,You're the best. I've seen you over and over again.
10,The best movie of my life. A movie that makes me think about my attitude toward life.
10,a movie in which tears flow through one's heart
10,I hope so. I hope I hope.
10,Who's tampering with the score? Why is it getting lower?
10,I was worried that it would be a heavy movie just by looking at the title. I lost track of time. Movies that I want to watch again
10,Best of best
10,It's not enough to give 100 points for a movie that's too good to give 10 points
10,If it were me...I wouldn't have dreamed of escaping until I was as old as Red.The spirit of hope that doesn't give up...Try and dream to achieve that hope!
10,I think I know why people are raving about it.
10,IMDB chart-topping film.
10,It's really amazing. I don't think I'll ever see a movie like this again.
1,Bored. That's why the box office is ruined
10,I'm so immersed that I don't even have 142 minutes of running time. It's the best movie of my life. You should watch it.afterglow
9,A movie that makes me look back.
10,It's a great movie.I hope you enjoy it while you live
10,I will never forget today when I watched this movie in my life.
10,Enter 10 characters excluding spaces
10,All I can say is that it's amazing
10,The best movie of my life! I'll save it on USB and wait and see.
10,Thank you for watching this movie  I think it'll give you a lot of strength in your life
10,It's the best movie of my life. I recommend it.
10,The movie that made me smoke alone after watching the movie and immerse myself in unknown thoughts
10,The best. The best movie
10,It's fun. 10 letters
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Outstanding directing and actors' great acting. It's a masterpiece
10,Thank you so much for watching this movie before I died.In memory of Allen Green...
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,I'm so touched~~~
10,Everything's perfect. It's philosophical.There's no one like Andy.
10,A movie that taught me what freedom is
10,A movie that doesn't need words. The best movie of my life. The most memorable movie
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need
10,The movie is perfect not only for directing but also for the actors' acting skills.Morgan Freeman's voice further increased the film's immersion."I hope the Pacific Ocean will be as blue as my dream.I hope."I liked this line so much"It was an opportunity to rethink the abstract noun of hope
10,The best masterpiece of my life!
10,It's the greatest work of my life.
10,a moving masterpiece I just saw it and I want to see it again
10,10 out of 10...
10,Is there any movie worth more than this?
10,I remember seeing it as a Saturday masterpiece when I was young. It's the best movie ever.
10,It's the best. I don't know what to say
10,a work that will transcend the original novel
10,It will be remembered as the best movie of my life. And a movie that makes me think a lot.
1,2nd place or show shank paps give you 1 point T2 because the crime left movie is awesome. You guys should feel it
8,Public Security Sub-Subscription by Orientals
10,a masterpiece that will go down in history I think I've seen it 20 times.
10,3 movies that I think are the best The Miracle Shawshank Escape Truman Show that I think is the best movie The freedom that I think is the best movie
10,The final scene continues to be overwhelming. Thank you for my life.
10,You have to watch the best movie
10,The best movie I still remember
10,The rating is too high. I should give it a rating
1,I want to watch a movie that is fun and touching again
10,The scene of Brooks committing suicide makes me cry every time and time again
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen
10,It's a good movie. One of the best
10,It's the number one movie in my life
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it It's the best.
10,A masterpiece
10,The most touching part of the movie stimulates my heart
10,It's a touching movie even after watching it dozens of times.
10,It is the best masterpiece.
10,It is a movie that shows the indicators of life.It's the best movie ever
10,a film that serves as the standard for all films
10,Do you need words?
10,I wonder if there will be another great movie like world again?
10,I don't need the best movie of my life
10,The last scene is unforgettable
6,I enjoyed watching it. It's a good movie
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen. Strongly recommend
9,I'll give you 9 points for the overall score.
10,I looked up this movie a few years ago that someone told me.This is the best. I don't know who told you this
9,Can I go to the green island?
10,What words do I need?
10,I watched this movie too late. I can't forget the last scene. a gentle impression
10,There will be few movies like this in my life until now and in my life later.
10,I cried when I saw them hugging each other at the end
10,What kind of movies are there? I can't sleep because of the lingering emotions.It's a great movie
10,A movie to watch before you die. This is a true masterpiece.
10,It is the movie that makes me feel the most touching and many things
10,I think it's a must-see movie
10,I love you Morgan Freeman ♥
10,There is no need for words.Top
1,...a movie that made me feel that I have different emotions from others
10,A movie that you can watch again no matter how many times you watch it.
10,You should get 10 points
10,I don't need words. Make sure you watch it. It's the best work. It's amazing. It's just unbelievable
9,It was a movie with a story that was completely unexpected when the prediction that "it would be like that" was "Isn't it not?" The message contained in it was also delivered effectively.
10,It's a movie that I can't get enough of
10,One of the three best movies of my life...I don't even remember how many times I watched it
10,I saw hope after watching this movie
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece.I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.crying
10,It's so much fun from the beginning to the end
10,It was a movie that lingers even after watching it many times.
1,It's so boring. Worst movie ever
10,The most impressive piece of my life
10,The scene where Andy and Red meet and hug each other on the beach gave me a shudder.
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I don't need words. You're the best
10,You can't beat me without giving me 10 points
10,The best movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life...
1,It's not enough. Why do you watch movies?
10,A movie you must watch before you die
10,This is a movie. Are you watching?Twenty
10,I think it'll be the best foreign currency of my life
10,You can have an impression that can support your life with two hours.
10,I dare not put all my thoughts on this movie here.
9,It was so exhilarating when I escaped. I think it's more of a prisoner's story than an escape story. Your friendship with Red was beautiful!
10,The best movie of my life with Leon and Prequincy
10,What do you need to say?
10,I can't believe I just saw this movie
10,The best movie. Fun. Touching. Memories. Everything.
10,I want to give you an unlimited number of stars...
9,How can we forget the impression of freedom?
10,I don't need to say anything. I've won no.1 in my life's movies so far
10,Seriously...
10,I watched the movie for the first time today and it was very touching. I think the attitude that he worked hard for freedom shone. I need to learn from him.
10,I'm going to watch it again after I'm in my 30s and 40s.
10,What more words are needed?
10,It's so much fun
10,What's the best movie? I will choose to escape Shawshank without hesitation for a second.
10,I want to be a free man on a long journey of hope
10,Freedom... I know what freedom is now
10,It's fun. I'll watch it again
10,I'll give you 17 points. Maybe it's because I just saw it just now
10,This is really...I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
10,You're really the best. Sigh!
10,I have nothing to say. No questions and answers!
10,There's no need for words.
10,One of the best movies. A well-organized story and line
10,It's really fun. I can't get tired of it
10,I don't get sick of it even though they play it on TV a lot!
10,9.99 Let's go hohohohohohohohohohohoho
10,a movie with a score of 10 movies
10,It's a movie that lingers for a long time. It's cool
10,The best movie of my life. I can't get enough of it. Shut up.
10,Hours of movie time felt like a lifetime
10,A movie that you fall in love with whenever it comes out on a movie channel
10,Good movies don't disappear
10,Look... Look...
10,It's a touching movie no matter how many times I watch it...
10,The best movie of my life. I can watch it again
10,Can't you make movies like this these days? Let's watch it one more time. I think it's the 19th.
10,What can I say?
10,I'm finally seeing this masterpiece Recommend.
10,A movie that clears the soul
10,It's a movie that makes you realize that it's good to be free
10,A movie that lacks 10 points.I'm just jealous of people who haven't seen it yet
10,I've seen you 16 times. Are you out of your mind? I'm not crazy. I'll watch this movie 30 times.
10,Even if you watch it over and over again... the best movie
10,There's no need for words. You're the best.I think I've seen it about five times
10,The best movie. The best touching movie. the best hope
10,Hope is good!Hope is good!
10,the world's highest rated film
10,It's a really interesting movie even if I watch it 100 times.
10,The fact that there is a movie that always touches us even when we watch it again and again seems to be the best gift in our lives. It's just a movie at its best.
10,Why is the rating so low?
10,The yearning for freedom grows the bud of hope
10,Beautiful Operational Shoes Embracing Hope
10,I think my children will cry out for the best while watching this movie
10,The reason why I have to give you 10 points is because it's a movie that makes my hand press 10 points automatically. It's a must-see movie in a boring or fun life It gave hope to those who lived hard and taught them the importance of friendship
10,Hope and freedom. And patience
10,I have nothing to say. It's fun. I just want to give stars for the first time in my life
1,It's a good movie. Don't play it's a good movie
10,a film showing the warmth of hope and friendship
9,I watch it every time I do it on TV. It's really a masterpiece...
10,I think I've seen it about 50 times.
10,Watch it no matter what. / I always get goosebumps when I get rained on
10,I highly recommend the best movie of my life
10,It's so touching. The last movie that I remember the ending at the beach
10,One of my favorite movies from the 90s
10,Awesome... I regret watching such a great movie too late in my life. Top
9,A good movie that lingers in my mind.
10,I don't know what to say.the greatest movie of all time
10,Hope is precious
10,It is amazingly well made and the best made in 1994.
10,the greatest masterpiece without words
10,If you're curious about the ratings before watching... Just watch it
10,It's my first time rating a movie
10,It's so much fun
10,Let's fill in 100 letters
10,A movie like my life...
10,The best movie of my life...
10,a hunger for freedom A good movie always conveys the impression again even if you watch it again like this.
10,I definitely recommend this movie.
10,Hope is a good thing. My favorite movie
10,10 points. Best movie ever.
10,the best film in human history
10,I think the capitalist system we live in and the Shawshank are very similar
10,This is the best movie of my life
10,I'm giving you stars for the first time.It's the best.
10,I recommend the best movie
10,I realized art after watching this movie
10,10 letters 10 letters haha
10,There are only a few movies that I thought were well-made
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Best movie ever.
1,It wasn't good. I read a book
10,Hope is a good thing! What a great movie
10,It's a great movie even now. A great movie seems to transcend time. Strongly recommend
10,The best movie! I am so happy to see this movie when I was alive.
10,I'm so lucky to be able to watch a movie like this in my life
10,Best movie. I think it's a stepping stone for Prison Break and other escape movies. A genius movie!
10,I don't know how many times I watched this movie...
10,It was the best masterpiece of my life
10,It's a masterpiece of my favorite movie
10,It's a movie that's good to watch no matter how many times.
10,I don't know what to say because I'm so moved by the lingering emotions
10,It's a movie that's worth watching now. a masterpiece
10,Such a masterpiece should be re-released
10,A movie that I watch whenever I can't breathe under the weight of the future
10,It was fun. 10 letters
9,I watched the movie a long time ago because of my acquaintance's recommendation.The last scene was touching and really touching.A true story is more touching.It was a beautiful ending.It's a masterpiece
10,I don't need words for the best movie of my life.
9,The scene where the hero who succeeded in escaping roars that will be remembered forever
10,I'm sorry that I only gave you 10 points for the movie I've watched more than 10 times.
10,I don't know why I've seen this now.
10,I can't stop seeing you.
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece that I loved so much that I put a movie poster on the wall of my room and that I never forget
10,All I can say is that it's amazing
10,It was really fun. I'll see you again one day.
10,I didn't even know it was a movie that made a sound. I just said "crazy" out of my mouth. I wish there were only movies like this in the world.It's my favorite movie I even found the NAVER rating for the first time
10,The best movie ever!No.1 movie I want to watch again
10,The movie that made me think about freedom again. The movie that made me realize the importance of ending credits...  And the best movie
10,the greatness of a film Why the movie should continue. I'd like to see it at the theater.
10,10 points isn't enough.
10,You gave me great hope. Thank you.
10,Who would believe it was a movie that came out 20 years ago? A movie that makes me feel something new every time I watch it!
10,Best movie ever. Read a book.
10,This is the real life movie. Always watch a masterpiece that touches your heart. Make sure to watch it before you die.
10,I don't get tired of seeing you.
10,This is a real movie. It's touching.crying
10,"The best masterpiece of my life."
1,What's the highest rating--
7,It's the best movie ever. Shawshank
10,It's really fun to watch and watch again and again and again and again and again. It's an amazing movie. I hope they play it at the theater. See you again
10,This is not something that should be evaluated That's awesome.
10,I don't need an explanation. It's a legend
10,It hurts my mouth to explain why they give me 10 points. It is a lamentable movie that there is no score higher than 10.
10,One of my favorite movies... It's the best.
10,A must-see movie...
10,A movie that I want to watch again even if I watch it many times
10,It was a really good movie.
10,The word "masterpiece" means that from this movie
10,How many movies can influence your life?
10,How cruel is freedom to a man?
10,Escape from Shawshank! It couldn't have been better!Best movie that doesn't need two words! *^^*
10,This movie gives hope to the viewers
9,It's really fun! Totally cool
10,It's so nice. It makes my heart moved
10,It's one of the best movies.The movie that made me write my first rating! Recommend.
10,Escape Seeking Hope Amid Despair
10,It's a movie that makes me hope and dream again.
10,There's no need for words. Just look
10,I understand why it is called the best movie.Good things never go away
1,It was really boring.shivering
10,I don't need words for the best movie of my life. It's a movie that you can't take your eyes off.
1,a movie glorifying criminals
10,It is no exaggeration to say that it is the best work of my life.
10,It's nice to see you drinking beer
10,There is no need for words.
10,10 out of 10!
10,It's so much fun. It's the best
10,I watched this movie many times.What a great happiness it is to have hope.
1,Just a normal movie. / Ghana
10,I can't believe I'm expressing beauty like this with a person.
10,It's a masterpiece that's worth 10 points!I think I did a great job
1,It's really amazing. I wish it was the best movie of my life.
10,It's a movie that makes you concentrate no matter how many times you watch it
10,That's all I can say!
10,A series of meaningless writings means that this work is a masterpiece
10,an unfailing hope cannot be extinguished Thank you for making me happy for 2 hours. Mr. Duprein.
10,It's a trick to give a message of fear and hope. Breaking down uncertain fears and realizing hope is the goal of our lives. (Watch Internet videos at the beginning of the year)
10,It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece.
10,It's a great movie.
9,Humanism that seeps in and digs deep
10,There is no need for explanation. It's just the best.
10,Can I forget this movie?
10,The best movie of my life changes every time I watch it as I get older.
10,There's more to it than fun. in a great deal
10,It's a shame that I can only give you 10 points. This is the best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie with more than 10 points
10,No words are allowed.
1,It's not No.1. It's a masterpiece. Let's cut it
10,Thank you. It's my favorite movie
10,The movie history of my life has been shaken
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,The best movie ever! be short of ten points
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things don't go away.
10,I saw it for the first time today.  And you'll see this movie again later.
10,What more do I need to say? The best movie ever
10,I remember Sam showed me in high school. It's the best. The best
10,Wow... I'm only amazed.
10,A movie you have to watch more than five times before you die
10,It's one of the best movies I've seen recently. It turns out that the original story was also Stephen King's early novel...It was an impeccable masterpiece
10,The movie of my life... I blanked out for a long time afterwards
10,It shows that life is a movie and a movie is a life
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now? It's the best.
10,Thank you for watching this movie now. I'm tearing up. This mysterious feeling...
9,It's a lyrical and touching movie. It's a masterpiece over and over again.
10,The scene of Shawshank Prison Escape was really impressive. Oktober Sky and this. 90s works are really good.
9,Now watch the movie you've owned for six years.It worked. Why did you do it until now?I regretted that I didn't
10,Ha... I jumped over the movie
10,I watched the best movie 100 times
10,Freedom was up to those who had hope!
10,It's such a great work that I don't dare to evaluate.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,It's very funny. And the main character's head is very smart.c
10,I felt Andy's feelings when I came out on my first military vacation after 2 months of training.
10,It's such a waste to give 10 points. 100 points...The story is so interesting and touching. The person who made this should win a Nobel Prize
10,I can't believe it's been 20 years since this movie came out.  It's a movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings. There's a reason for all movies over 9 points
1,I don't understand people who say this movie is fun
10,A movie that depicts various good and evil aspects of society and interests through various aspects of life in prison that were not boring during the long running time
10,Jinxing's heart is about to explode
1,It's just a gay story
10,An eternal masterpiece means this.
10,A movie that I will never forget in my life
10,It's a movie that can give you a taste of freedom when you're on your first vacation in the military
10,I watched this movie for the first time when I was in 8th grade. The most memorable movie I've ever seen. It's the best.
10,It's the best movie of my life.Why didn't I watch it before?
10,I got choked up at the last scene
7,I don't think it'
10,I highly recommend a movie that tells you hope!
10,I was watching a trash movie like Interstellar and this movie makes my stomach hurt.
10,I don't know how two hours passed. There is a reason for the movie that is said to be the best.
10,I wanted to listen to Morgan Freeman's harmonica.
10,Hope is a good thing. A good thing never disappears
10,Is this a difficult story? There's nothing to understand  I almost didn't watch it because of the review-- I was upset but it was fun
10,It's a shame that 10 points is the maximum.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen.
8,It's a well-organized movie
10,It's definitely the best movie
10,I want to be a person like Andy who has hope and prepares accordingly
1,It's just okay. The rating is too high. 7 is enough
10,Let's always have hope. Hope is a good thing
9,Fun and touching expressions that go well with movies like this!
10,I can see why everyone says it's their favorite movie.It was the most impressive movie I've ever seen
10,Immortal masterpiece. The escape scene at the end was amazing.
10,I'm sending you now! Hope is a good thing.My heart is shaking... It's one of the best 3 movies of my life
10,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
10,The best movie. I love the message that the movie gives.
10,It's the best. It goes without saying
9,It is absolutely ridiculous that this film falls behind Interstellar
10,It was the first time I sat in a daze until the end of the credits.
10,Judge this movie by watching it
10,I recommend that it's the best movie ever
10,It's a masterpiece of my life. A masterpiece that I have to watch. I have to watch it at least 10 times
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words!
10,I think all great movies have a reason. It's the best.
10,It's a really good movie. A movie that I want to show to my children
10,Movies that you can't get enough of. Movies of your life.
10,The movie itself that I watched while holding my breath every moment by moment
10,What more words are needed?
10,the desire for human freedom and the need for an effort to live a life prepared for it.And hope...It was really impressive.  I just got to see a movie like this.
10,It's been 2 years since I captured the last scene and set it as my computer wallpaper
1,Look at the high score. I'll lower it
8,I kept focusing until the end of the movie.
10,Best movie ever.It's the best!
10,It's really the best. moving
10,a long-lasting film
10,Awesome... Even if I look at it again...jackpot
10,I can't lose to Interstellar
1,er 4545wewwe
1,It's not the best movie. I watched it well
10,What have I done without watching this movie? The scent of the sea in the last scene of the movie gave me joy
9,I watched a good movie after a long time. But novels
10,a wordless film
10,The best movie ever.  a thought-provoking movie
10,I hope you watch the best movie of my life
1,I don't think it's a movie that's going to win first place. It was that
10,I'm writing comments to raise my GPA. I's annoying
10,My age 38 is still the best movie
10,A movie that is valuable only for its existence
10,I log in praying that my child doesn't become 5% trash
10,Hope is a good thing... good things don't go away
10,The first movie I watched in middle school and watched ten more times
10,I can't get enough of it
10,There is no need for words. This is what movies are like
10,Crazy. I understand why many people choose the best movie of my life. It's such a masterpiece that I appreciate watching this movie all my life.
10,This is not a movie. It's life.
10,It's an honor to be evaluated
10,We see each other once a year It's a great movie to watch again
10,a heartwarming movie
10,A must-see movie in life!
10,Naver photo spoiler gaejeno dda movie is the best.
10,If we get first place in the movie rankings...                              The movie that comes to mind. Escape from Shawshank
10,It's a movie that makes me cry. I'd love to.
10,The best movie with each line
10,d123456789
9,The best movie I've ever seen. Wow. There's 3D^^
10,It's very interesting. But what are the animals that give you 1 point?
10,There has never been a movie like this after 20 years. It's a really good movie. I envy people who haven't watched this movie yet.I have a chance to watch a movie
10,Look. You have to watch it
10,A movie that you have to put in your life before you die
8,Perhaps the scariest thing is the familiarity that has become natural
10,The flower of hope and success that has bloomed overcoming hardships
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of. I lived in this era of movies. There is no need for words.
10,Shawshank Escape was a really fun and good movie
10,Thank you. It was fun
10,I should watch it again. It's amazing.Freedom
10,It's really touching. The best movie ever
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,It's my first time registering for a review It's really a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,The best movie ever
10,The wave of emotion. One more time later
10,A movie that doesn't need words and it's attractive
10,A movie that I want to watch again
1,To change the ranking...
9,It's always worth seeing
8,The main character's dramatic escape? It's a good movie to watch at least once!
10,It's not a movie. It's a famous painting.
10,I was watching the scene with my mom. Don't watch it with your mom
10,I think I've seen it a little over 50 times since 1995. I look forward to a better movie than this
10,The last scene is an unforgettable scene
10,It's Jihooate
10,The best movie of my life...!
10,10 out of 10
10,Signs of Disguise Disguise Disguise Disguise Disguise Disguise
10,It was the best movie with a solid story and a well-organized plot.
10,A masterpiece... It's a masterpiece. I enjoyed it so much
10,Goosebumps... The last 10 minutes are really touching and makes me think about a lot of things.crying
1,It's just a fantasy movie
10,I saw it when I was very young and it still remains in my memory.
10,The best masterpiece in my short life
10,I don't usually watch the movie "End Cradit"... I watched it until the end.
10,It's a good movie. I want to recommend it to you
10,You can trust and watch Show Shank 10101010B0B0B0
10,I don't think it's the same movie I saw on the cable when I was young. I don't know if the movie was this meaningful...
10,That's so cool. I don't need to say anything This is the best. I want to give you a million points
10,There's really no need for words.
10,I dare say it's the best movie of my life! Longing for freedom
10,one of the few movies where you can concentrate on any scene of the movie
10,My favorite movie. Where is my Jiwataneho?
9,It is important not to forget the good and the most precious
10,There is no hope for those who are used to life and are afraid of change. What is hope for you and what efforts are you making to achieve it?
10,A film that awakens the value of hope for freedom and deep insight into the existence and life of human beings through one aspect of society
1,This movie cured me of my cancer
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece.
10,The best movie of my life.I want to see this kind of movie in the theater
10,a film worthy of the title "masterpiece" A work that I want to show to my children in the future
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It's a movie that's touching. jackpot.
10,It's just the best; there's really nothing to say
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now
10,I need words!
10,This movie is the best. I got goosebumps when I got rained on
10,The Best Film of Freedom and Hope
1,I don't think this movie deserves a rating.
10,It was really really fun
10,The greatest value we can have because we are humans is hope.
10,A movie that you want to watch even though you can't count all the ten fingers
10,It's a movie that's really fun and I think it'll be a big help for teenage guys
10,It's a piece of cake that doesn't need words
9,More than a desire for freedom.
10,It was the best masterpiece. It was so touching and fun 이걸 I can't believe I just saw this
10,Best movie I've seen over 20 times
2,I was bored and so heavy
10,The best movie of my life
10,I looked at the ratings and as expected...Make sure to watch it
10,A really great movie...
10,It's a really good movie. A movie that I want to watch for a long time.
10,It's a shame that it's 10 out of 10
1,This is not a movie. These guys look like real gay peopleLOL
10,It's a movie that only says that it's the best after watching it
10,The first thing I said after the movie: Awesome...
10,I want to see another masterpiece like this in my life
10,It's the masterpiece of the century. Will a movie like this come out again?
10,I want to see another masterpiece like this in my life
10,The film's rating tells us that 4 to 5 percent of Koreans cannot understand the movie because it is a Golvin trollsaki (4 to 5 percent 1-point trolls)
10,There is everything in this movie. I am grateful that there is freedom.
10,150 minutes of running time is not boring at all. It's a calm but must-see movie
10,This kind of movie is called a masterpiece movie.  There is no need for words.  You have to watch it.
10,the most lingering film of one's life
10,A movie that I'll watch a few more times in my life
10,One of the movies to watch...
10,Best movie I've ever seen
10,A movie that comes out once in a hundred years
10,10 points isn't enough!
10,a film that best expresses the human desire for freedom
10,Was the long prison time... a small consolation?
10,A movie that made me feel like I didn't know when I don't know why. The lingering effects of Andy and Red's reunion didn't go away after watching the ending credits.
10,Touching movie! The best!
10,Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
10,This movie is the best
10,A movie you want to watch. A movie that's fun to watch over and over again.
9,I still remember the movie I watched when I was young.
8,Who can downplay this movie?
10,The best movie of my life. It's so nice to watch it more than 10 times.
10,There was a reason for the high score.  I can't believe I'm watching a really impressive movie now
10,Freedom is the most precious thing to man
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is as green as my dream.
10,I can't speak. LOL and a masterpiece
10,There is no need for words.
10,a film that gives hope to a frustrated person
10,It's really the best of the best. Can I watch a movie like this again? A movie that doesn't get boring after watching it more than ten times.
10,Watch it again and again! Watch it again and again!
10,Hope is a good thing. I can relate to that
10,A movie that gives me goosebumps
10,Stephen King is the best. Lovely actors!
10,One of the movies I watch on TV
10,I don't need any more words.
10,I've seen it about five times. There's no need for words.
10,I have to say it's nagging. strike a chord with one's
10,It lingers for a long time after the movie.The actors are so cool
10,It's a movie that left an impression on me. Make sure to watch it. It's a movie where you can feel the importance
10,Good good 1222558888
10,The most memorable scene now after 5 years of watching the movie is the prison warden's stone? The scene where I threw it on the wall...
10,This movie is really... I've seen it more than five times.
10,The best movie. And the unfortunate movie...
10,I think I've seen it like 20 times.A movie that you can't get enough of...It would be an infinite honor to see such a famous painting in my life.
10,The acting and contents of my life movie were so good!
10,a masterpiece that faithfully brings to life Stephen King's original work
10,I applaud the unexpected development despite the fact that it is in the title. It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,How can I evaluate this movie?
10,The movie of my life movie!a memorable masterpiece
10,Don't talk about jailbreak without watching this movie. Don't discuss freedom without watching this movie. Look two or three times.
10,It's the best painting ever
10,The best! I watch it whenever I have time
10,Who doesn't crave freedom. You can't get... What is it...
10,It's a movie that makes your head and chest feel like crying. How to get 10 points for a masterpiece!
10,A movie with a beautiful ending in my life
10,It's the best...
10,Good things don't go away
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It's just a shame that there's no score higher than 10.
10,It will be an unprecedented movie
10,I have nothing to say...Top
10,Top 3 movies made by mankind. It's a famous scene of Figaro'
10,A movie worth 10 points
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Best... no words needed.
10,I'm jealous of the people who haven't seen this yet.
10,Don't watch this movie. I can't watch other movies because my eyes are too high
10,I never imagined I'd break out of prison with that hammer
10,It's been 20 years.
10,The ending scene is so cool
10,I don't know why I watched this movie now. the first film of my life
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,What's the standard for high ratings? I don't understand why there are so many movies with high ratings
8,I'm in this office shouting "freedom. I want to leave for Rio de Janeiro
10,I watch it every time I do it on TV. It's the best movie ever.
10,I watched the best movie of my life again and watched it again and again
1,It's not... it's not that impressive
10,Learn this movie if you want to impress and give hope through it.
10,I dare not judge this movie
10,A movie with a good ending!
10,It's all fun and touching. I can't express it in words
10,A masterpiece to watch before you die!
10,A movie that doesn't even have 10 points. The excitement and lingering feelings of the two men reuniting on the clear and wide Pacific coast after overcoming all odds are still lingering. Will I ever see a movie like this again in my life?
10,The miracle created by desperation and the passionate acting of great actors
10,A movie that was really fun and impressive...!
10,Design...Freedom!
10,This is just a legend. I envy Andy's free spirit
10,There is no need for words. It's a must-see movie for the rest of your life. Life is likely to be different. Give a hope!
10,The best movie of my life. I can't forget the scene where I escaped and hugged Red later
9,The best movie to sing hope. I love the ending. You'll regret it if you don't watch it!
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
1,The biggest drawback of this movie is boredom.
10,It's amazing. It's amazing
10,It's a movie that made me understand why people call a masterpiece a masterpiece
10,It was the best from start to finish.
10,GG is the best movie ever
10,I recommend watching Shawshank Escape in person rather than listening to the examples.  So that you can know the true taste of this work.
8,Using one brain is the best!
10,I think all the people who watched the movie would have come out crying
10,I didn't know it was this kind of movie...
10,Recommend a movie that you want to watch again.
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,Hope is a good thing. It might be the best thing. The best thing never disappears. It's a movie that explains why it's a famous line.
10,A movie that shows the value of wanting freedom
10,It's fun to watch it again. I think I've seen it about seven times
9,a long-remembered moving film
10,I can't believe it. I can only say 0
10,Hope is a good thing. It might be the best thing. Good things never go away.
10,The movie I enjoyed the most. Touching.
10,Oh... A movie that you must watch in your life
10,One of the movies that I want to recommend to people around me!
9,The movie that showed the hope of life was fun.
10,It's the best. When will this masterpiece come out?
10,A true masterpiece is not pressing the remote control when the ending credit comes out
10,Andy is my cider
10,It's the best. There's no needless words
10,Wow... There's a reason why we won first place That's awesome.
10,A masterpiece I've seen in a long time that makes me feel how important freedom is and how important it is not to lose hope
10,Why did I just watch it? I regret it. It's the best movie ever.
10,Even if you look at it over and over again...  A fun movie
10,Is 1 point anti?오I really like movies like that that I don't get tired of even if it's been a long time.
10,It is the first rating registration. That's how meaningful the movie.
10,It makes me feel a lot of meanings I don't know what happiness it is to find true freedom.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words!
10,It's a beautiful movie that makes me speechless
10,Do you think words are necessary?
10,There's no need for words. 10 points.
10,It's by far the best work.
10,It's one of the most memorable masterpieces
10,I don't think I'll be able to watch another movieWhy did I see this now?
10,I'm sure it's the best movie of my life.
10,It's my first time to get a rating on NAVER. This is a masterpiece that will go down in human history.
10,It was one of the masterpieces that taught us a lesson in life.
10,I dare not judge the value of this work by simply listing the simple words in my head.
10,A movie that you want to watch again and again...The best movie I've ever seen...
10,Best movie that resonated with pure emotions in my youth
10,Why did I watch this movie now?!
10,It's a very moving and alarming movie to the current society. It was the best movie I've ever seen
1,It's to lower the ranking
10,This is just the best movie ever
10,It must be a masterpiece movie
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,More and more people think that even hope is compulsory. I'll have to re-examine it at least once in this era.
10,It's funny. Especially the twist
10,..."Jihuataneho"...
10,The movie of my life. It gives me hope.
10,It's like a masterpiece It's comparable to a pianist.
10,I finally saw this movie and it was so fun and the best movie.
10,It's a must-see movie. I can't help but be immersed from the beginning to the end of the movie. I think I've been absorbed in every scene. It's a really great movie.
10,A movie that you must watch at least once
10,It's the best movie you must watch! It's so touching and fun! It's a movie that will be overshadowed by time
10,I am grateful that this is the first movie I saw in the theater The excitement is still unforgettable 20 years later I don't know if there's another emotion like this.
6,The middle is too long and loose.
10,I hope you don't forget the feelings and hopes that you felt while watching this movie
10,I saw what the movie gave me I'm going to evaluate this masterpiece in this era
10,Why didn't I just stand...
10,I also have a DVD. A really good movie. Should I watch it today?
10,There's no movie that didn't get a star in the low-grade order. 1 point. I'm 100% sure that it's OOO with a lot of poo on it
10,Three words will suffice
10,I want to go back to when I saw the movie for the first time.
10,Good things never go away.
10,Good fun. Watch it again and again
10,There is no need for words. I can't express all the emotions and feelings that come from deep down
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life. I'm short of 10 points
10,I watch it whenever I do it on TV. It's really the best movie of my life.
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen this movie yet? It's the best painting in the world
10,I don't know how many times I watched it since I was a teenager.It makes me think a lot every time I see it
10,I'm always touched whenever I see it!
10,The only downside is that the title translation is a spoiler
10,Make sure to watch it. I'm sure it's the best.
10,Best movie ever...I have regrets about why I saw it now.
10,Wow... I think it's a good movie
7,It's not a movie I want to see again
10,Everyone must have a big desire for freedom because they are run over by the company at school.
9,I think I've seen it about five times. A good movie is like this.
10,Sigh... Seeing Leon and Shawshank Escape is really moving. I don't think the movies I'm going to watch after this will be interesting. What should I do?
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,A movie that's always impressive.
10,A movie that doesn't need words. It's the best.
10,Happiness never disappears.
10,It's like a movie that lacks 10 points. I was dazed for a while when the ending credits went up. a film well deserved to be called a masterpiece
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,It's a movie where you can feel the infinite glory and sensitivity of being born in this era and watching a movie like this. I'm ashamed that I dare grade this movie.
10,It's the best production that fits perfectly with directing and story acting
10,Hope is...
7,the original of the Wal-Made Escape
10,It's so much fun. It's crazy With the director
10,This is a movie made by God.I will never forget freedom and hope
10,It's the best movie that anyone who hasn't watched must watch
10,It's the best... I don't get tired of watching it many times.
7,About 8 to 9 points for a normal movie?
10,It was very impressive
10,It's the best movie ever
10,What words can I use to evaluate this movie in only 140 characters?
10,There's someone who gave me 1 point... You don't understand this? Is it elementary school?
1,I don't understand why this is the highest score
10,The best movie of my life that's good to watch over and over again
10,I don't know how many times I've seen this movie. It's worth 10 points
10,I can't get enough of it
10,Best movie ever! You have to watch this movie until the end to see why the title is Shawshank Escape
10,Best movie that doesn't need words
10,No words needed. 10 words without spaces
10,Hope is a good thing. Some birds can't keep their feathers in a cage because the color of their feathers is so bright that they can' A movie that's indescribably wonderful! It's a masterpiece
10,I don't need any more words. I thought about how it would have been if Alpacino played the role of Red.
10,I'm touched every time I see it.  A movie that you won't get sick of even if you watch it a hundred times
10,The best movie ever!   Movies that you want to watch again and again
10,Why is there only 10 points? Strongly recommend
10,No words needed. It's a great movie
10,A film about the glaring hope
10,The best movie of my life... be beyond description
10,It's the most touching movie ever.
10,a masterpiece without words
10,It's a movie that's like a thumb that's immersed without blinking
10,The scene where I drink cold beer on the roof is still nostalgic.
10,A movie that I want to watch for a long time
10,I will see you in 40 years.
10,Thank you for watching this movie at the age of 20
10,I can see why this movie is a masterpiece
10,There is no need for words. A must-see movie before you die
10,Why is 10 points the maximum?
10,It's real. It's real
10,Why 9.36 points? That's too low
10,It's not a masterpiece for no reason
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,I realized again after watching this movie that movies called masterpieces have good reasons. a film that is worthy of praise as the best movie
1,Likeable order Latest net score High net score Low net score Low net score High net score Low net score Low net score
10,The best of the best
10,I don't understand people who scored less than 10 points
10,A movie that makes me want to watch it again
10,It's the best movie in a while. It's the best movie
10,It's the best movie in my life.the real thing
10,The best masterpiece of my life that I can't get tired of even looking at it 10 times
10,Best. A movie that gave me hope when I had a hard time personally.
10,It's the best. This is the movie
10,I have no qualms
1,You're not loyal. Are you alone? 1 point
10,You're amazing. You're amazing.
10,I dare say it's one of the top three movies of my life.
10,The best movie that touches me every time I watch it
10,The World's Most Beautiful Operationalization of Hope and Will to Live
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,The phone bill for Tianhe Phama? I'm surprised.
10,This is a movie that can't help but give 10 points. All movies were perfect enough to frame this movie.
10,I dare to say that there can be no more masterpieces than this.
10,It's good. It's just good.
10,I don't know how many times I watched it  A masterpiece! A masterpiece!
10,Best movie without words!
10,I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now!
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life. I still can't forget the last scene
1,He escaped alone and scored 1 point
10,I recommend a movie that doesn't need words
10,A masterpiece that can't be given less than 10 points
10,a masterpiece that is too great to be judged as a mere star
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
9,It's calm and has the best suction power dramatically!
10,One of my favorite movies I'm sure you've seen it ten times
10,10 stars for you
10,It's too small
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. The best movie that touches me every time I see it
10,It'll always be remembered as a masterpiece and movie company
10,Should I give him a rating?
10,It's an advanced movie.
10,It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece. The best movie a man can make
10,the most beautiful hymn of humanity It shows what a life victory is. Touching is a bonus
10,the best movie that doesn't require evaluation
10,I think there's a reason why the stars are the best.
10,a delightful escape
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of. There's no better movie to express the will of man's will
10,I think it's a masterpiece for no reason
10,People around me complimented me and I became one of them
10,Shawshank has the highest rating...
10,Is this the kind of movie that makes you want to watch it's
9,There's hope in Shawshank
10,It's a movie that reminds me of the word "moving" and "hope"
10,a film with a life lesson
10,There's hope in my dark life
10,The best movie... I watched it again and again. And I watched it again and again
10,For real!
10,It feels like I'm out of prison when I watch all the movies. The best movie ever!
10,a beautiful filmthe first grade
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,A movie worth 10 points
10,A learned person works everywhere.The reason why parents should study hard^^
10,It's a great movie that makes me watch it no matter how many times I watch it
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I look at it
10,I am 26 years old and I watched this movie recently. I regret it so much. But I'm so happy to see it now.
1,Don't be so magnificent~ ♥♥♥ Hehe
10,A movie that taught me the purpose of waking up from my own prison.
10,a lifetime movie
10,Dreams and hopes make impossible possible
10,The ending that Andy and Red reunite and embrace is beyond words. No matter how many times I watched that scene...
9,How can I express the lingering emotions in words?
10,I don't think there will be a movie that surpasses this movie for the time being. It's a really good movie.
10,I acknowledge it as the biggest movie of my life
10,Really... The best movie of my life... A movie that you have to watch twice after watching twice
10,If you play it more often on the movie channel...
10,a legendary slow starter
10,That's a good story. I want to see you again next time
10,I'm not 100 out of 10 and I watch every movie on TV a few times.
10,Andy Made a Miracle with Hope
10,I don't know if there will be another masterpiece like this.It's a movie that automatically excites me
10,Movies that you can't get enough of
10,Ten letters. Ten letters.
10,It's the best movie. It's so touching.
10,a film ten points short ^^
10,Storytelling through stories and characters that may seem ordinary at first glance is more than perfect. The best masterpiece that shines like jewels in every line of characters. It is a work that is grateful for its existence.
10,A movie that's good to watch. A movie that's a masterpiece even if you think about it. A film about freedom and hope.
10,It is a movie that I always watch whenever life is hard...
10,The calm emotion is what I said about this movie. The movie I watched on my way out of Ulleungdo Island
10,one of the greatest masterpieces of my life
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't need words...
10,A two-hour puzzle that compressed 20 years of time
10,The title is a spoiler. But this is the best movie
10,How can I not give this movie 10 points? I really want to recommend it so that everyone can feel the shock and feeling I received.
10,This is what a movie is like.
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this now.It was the best movie of my life.
9,What is freedom?
10,It's touching and it's one of the top 5 movies I've ever seen.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,It's really a new name. Awesometruth
10,an exciting escape story
10,I think it's enough to get a perfect score.
10,You're the gold medal. You're the gold medal in Russia
10,The best masterpiece that's fun no matter how many times you watch it
8,April showers bring May flowers. It's very beautiful and amazing...
10,I can't forget the last scene
10,The best masterpiece... I don't need to say any more.
10,I really enjoyed watching this movie in my lifeI think it is a must watch movie before I die.There are many famous lines and I think it's a movie that makes me think a lot.It's the best.
10,I can't believe there are people who don't give this movie 10 points even though they don't know other movies.
10,This is the best movie ever.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,One of the best movies. The meaning of hope that is always brooding.
10,There is no need for words. You have to watch it.
10,It's new to see me doing it with cable. It's a masterpiece
10,I've watched it 236 times.Memorize every line.A masterpiece that will never come back
10,A movie that always touches my heart
10,Each line is like a gem and the movie that touches you is the best!
10,I finally saw this masterpiece. I should watch it again and again L
10,There's no need for words. The lines are like a gem.
10,Freedom shines most when bound
10,I need to raise the rating for this.
10,Good. It's really fun.It's more fun every time I watch it.
9,Forest Gump and this is so touching
10,A movie that really looks back on life and makes you think about the future.
10,That's awesome. It's so much fun. Spring 7 is so much fun
10,This is the right movie.
10,A true movie! One of the must-see movies in my life
1,I'm going to try it because I'm curious how much it'll fall
10,a film that has already been proven by ratings
10,Why is it so fun? The best movie
10,Best movie ever! Human will to freedom.
9,Nothing in the mind can be taken away and touched. It's his own. "Hope"
10,I love you. I don't need any more words.
10,It's so touching. It'll be the same in a few years. Good...
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen since I bought a VCR! It's great to see it again now!
10,It's just the best. Watch it twice
10,I'm confident that the movie expresses the best by maximizing the simple message that hope is the best
10,Are there people who didn't watch this?
10,It's a shame that I don't have 20 or 50 or 100 points
10,10 out of 10! The best movie of my life!
10,The best movie of my life. I don't need words
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't waste 10 points
10,It was the best movie of my life. I felt the hope of life
10,This is loyalty! Loyalty! 10 points!
9,A movie that you should watch at least once in your life
10,Andy can't get rid of Jeolla-do Island if he becomes a slave.
8,Maybe it's because I was expecting too much.
10,It's been 20 years since I've seen such a masterpiece.I even want to thank the director for making such a masterpiece. It was a great movie.
10,It is my favorite movie. The scene where the music of Whee Garo's wedding comes out is touching even after watching it dozens of times. I feel like I'm stopping. The escape scene is a real thrill.  Vote for Shawshank Escape without hesitation for the best movie.
10,We need to give 100 points for this. Of course
10,My friend says it's funlol
10,The value of hope and hope to learn from people who can use their situation and abilities! There are so many famous lines that I want to put this movie in my head Or perfect absorption. That's how good it is
10,This movie is life and dream.
10,Why did I see it now?
10,I just don't need to talk
10,It's 10 points. 10 points
10,"Jihuataneo"...I think I saw this movie before OOO. Going there after that is one of life's goals
1,Is this fun? I'm curious.
10,Movie that will be remembered forever. Escape from Shawshank
10,It's so much fun. I'm about to cry
10,The best movie of my life. I can't speak. Why did I know this kind of movie now?
10,a movie that gave me a deep thrill
10,I think my life will be divided before and after watching Shawshank Escape.
9,A film that will never be forgotten.
10,How many times do you screw people?  It is a work that I can truly call a masterpiece. And what I felt... Dreams are always up to the dreamer and it was the truth and it will be the truth and truth.
10,I think Frozen is too high.
10,Don't watch it if you can't handle the tsunami of emotion
10,The ending of this movie is...The movie that I want to show if I have a child later on
10,Best movie ever again
10,It's always a masterpiece! I just saw it again and I was more deeply moved.
10,It's both shocking and touching. It's creepy.
10,This is the best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life.
1,I really enjoyed watching it
1,I'm having so much fun. That's awesome
10,My friend says it's really fun
1,One of the movies I really enjoyed.
10,8398486/ What are you talking about for a movie that doesn't even have a 10 rating?
10,It was the best movie of my life It's my first time crying while watching a movieI finally opened my eyes to the movie
10,freedom to have hope
10,A movie that helps you find the meaning of life
10,I don't need a maximum of 10 words
10,A must-see masterpiece of the century
10,It's great to be able to do that in that unjust accusation.Andy's efforts to find freedom were wonderful.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece. I want to see it again
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot of things
10,I think hope is very good.
10,It makes me think about life. a masterpiece
10,142 minutes. It's just going to go by so fast.
10,It's a relief that I watched this movie even now
10,I am happy to be able to watch this kind of movie in my life.
10,It is a movie that comes to mind whenever it is difficult and difficult.
9,It feels like I got hit on the head I couldn't keep my mouth shut because I was so surprised It's so much funLOL
10,It's different from a third-rate trash movie.
10,It was a top movie that I found and watched as much as Titanic.
10,Are you ready to enjoy freedom?
10,an infinitely good movie...
10,the best movie of my life without hesitation
10,the best movie without words
10,It's just the best. For a long time
10,It's not worth 20 points for those who give it 1 point.
1,It wasn't good. It's not good.
10,The best ever...a haunting film
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! I'm touched no matter how many times I see it!
10,It's the best. It'  ~^^
10,Let's see if the movie is worth 10 points. A film that shows how humans should behave in the most desperate situations. Humans cannot be defined as living by eating and breathing alone. It also shows the heartlessness of power. Each small episode is as interesting as a masterpiece short film.
10,a masterpiece of immortality that I happened to see
10,I recommend Shawshank Escape.
10,It was the first time in my life that the ending scene touched my heart like this.
10,I think this is just a masterpiece
10,A movie that still gives me hope
10,It's the best movie ever. I think a lot even if I watch it again after a few years
10,10 points are not enough! I know why it's a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch it
10,One of the best movies.
10,The best movie. I got goosebumps in the last scene
10,the best movie ever
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,I don't need words.
10,It's really fun. It's a masterpiece
10,The rating is definitely 10. It's a must-see movie in my life
10,There is no need for words.the best movie
10,An unforgettable movie that touches the heart
10,Shawshank escape...It's just hope
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it ten times.
10,It's a masterpiece based on a true story. It's one of the movies that young people of this generation want to recommend if they haven't seen it yet. I learned a lot from the main character who never gave up and pioneered his life.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,I'm sure it's the best movie of my life.
10,A great movie that was achieved with a spoon.
10,It's just good. It's really cool. It's awesome
10,be considered a masterpiece of masterpieces
10,There's no need for words.the best movie
9,I think it's a good movie.
10,The gold I saw on TV one day
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,It's one of the most memorable movies that makes you concentrate even when you watch it again
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it again
10,I watched it five times until today. The best movie that never disappoints me
10,Do you need more than 10 words?
10,The movie I want to watch again!
10,It's so creepy! I cleaned my eyes while watching "A Cook of Trash" movie!
10,Freedom is not a sweet ice cream
10,I think it's a good description of the world where people live.
10,I should watch the movie again when I have time.
10,I don't need words. It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's a touching movie that really doesn't need words
10,Do you need words? A good movie
10,The best movie! Shawshank escape!
10,I don't need to say anything. Let's open it up
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,I'm glad I've seen this movie now
10,The original book is also interesting!!!
10,What do I need to say? I thought I wouldn't watch it because it's an old movie... Good...
10,No words needed. It's the best movie of my life for years.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that lingered like this.
10,List of best films of my life worth dedicating
10,Thank you very much to the director who made this movie.I will do my best.
10,I have nothing to say. It's a must-see movie before I die
10,The best movie in my 30s is Shawshank Escape. The best movie of my life with the best concentration every time I watch it dozens of times!
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.
10,It's just a silly movie
10,Just look at it. Just look at it in 10 letters
10,It's the best. Every word is touching and wise. It seems to reflect the modern world living in a prison-like system and moral absurdity of power. The message that it can be changed by someone who constantly craves free hope and attempts to change it
10,Hope is a good thing Good things don't go away.That's a wise saying.
8,I can't believe the prison movies are so nice
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,I want to see this more than 10 times
10,Perfectly moved! Definitely the best masterpiece!
10,You can see why it's a masterpiece.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I see it. The best movie that I want to show my child later on
10,Can you make it better than this... a movie that you'll regret in the afterlife if you don't watch it before you die.
10,deeply moved by the feeling of emotionallyI've watched the rest of the movie more than 5 times~~♥
9,Why didn't I watch this movie until I was 19 years old?
10,This movie is so fascinating... I just like it
10,A movie that is fun no matter how many times I watch it. I'd say the best movie of my life.
10,It's not boring no matter how many times I see it.
10,Just watch a movie that tells you a lot about life
10,There's a reason why I got the highest score ever on IDMB. Recommend IDMB that you can trust and watch
10,The production of hope and freedom is very excellent.
6,have the power to talk
10,Do you need words?
10,I love your acting. The storyline is perfect  I don't get tired of watching it more than 10 times
10,It's impossible to grade...
10,Masterpieces don't go away. There is a depth that you can feel whenever you see it.
10,A movie that you watch over and over again
10,It's a must-see movie.
10,In my life...A must-see movie. A good movie to watch
10,I watched the movie when I didn't know how to watch it.
10,This is a real movie
10,A movie that makes me want to watch it again
10,It's so much fun!
10,a must-have filmFirst priority
10,It's a good movie to watch when life is meaningless. It's a masterpiece
10,This movie is the best movie I have ever seen.Andy's meticulous plan was horrifying and I think this movie is really good. It was a really touching and good movie.I felt excited when I saw Red smiling while imagining Andy driving a car.
10,One of the top 5 movies I've seen
10,I don't understand people who don't give 10 points to this movie.
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it.
10,I can't forget the last scene.
10,It's so much fun no matter how many times I watch it. I'm still watching. You're really the best.
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,No more detailed horoscopes are to be omitted
10,I want to go to Lake Jawatane.
10,The only movie that you can never get tired of watching
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,It's the best. It's a lesson that you have to keep thinking about
10,It's so nice. I watched it five times.
10,Look! See you again! Watch it over and over again until you die! A movie that opens up a different world every time I watch it as I get older!
10,I was impressed.
10,A masterpiece. Just watch it!
10,I don't need words. Let's just shut up
10,I wonder why I've seen such a masterpiece now
10,I gave him 10 points because he watched it 10 times
10,Best movie ever. It still captivates me
10,a movie that is a bible of freedom and hope
10,It was so dope that I knew why this movie had a high rating.
10,What is true freedom?
10,A movie that's good to watch no matter how many times you watch it!
10,A great movie. No words needed.
7,It's so childish. I can't even be touched by the obvious setting
10,That sense of freedom after Andy escaped from the rain... Wouldn't his life in prison have doubled because of his hard work? a perfect movie
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The best movie. I wonder when this kind of movie will come out again
10,The best movie...A movie that's touching even now
10,There was a reason why it was a masterpiece. I got goosebumps the whole time.
10,A movie that I want to recommend to people who are tired of living
8,"Because I'm a person"...
10,What words are needed? This sentimentality.
10,It's definitely the best!!!
10,I learned a lesson that I could carry throughout my life.
10,I watched a masterpiece too late. It lingers in my mind
1,I just want to give him 1 point Just.
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,Do you need words?There's no answer.
10,the greatest masterpiece of one's life state the philosophy of life
9,What is the salvation? Be satisfied with the present situation and be grateful.
10,A movie that I always watch once a year since I was young...It's always fun
10,It's a movie that I can't say anything about
10,There's no need for words
9,The hope that comes when you get used to the life of the silk.
10,The best. The best movie of my life.
8,It's not as fun as Papillion
10,It's beautiful... a good movie
10,How can I rate this? the best movie of one's life
10,A movie that feels different every time I watch it! Best movie of my life!
10,Is it just freedom? I could see the blue Pacific Ocean because I chose a compass instead of a gun. You can't tell unless you see if it's really blue like a dream.
10,That's amazing.Recommendation
9,A movie that goes beyond expectations. Isn't this what a real movie is?
10,This is a must-see...
1,It's just a story.
10,Really one of my best movies
10,There is no need for words. You have to watch it.
10,It was the best of my life. This is.
10,It was the best movie. I was so moved
10,It's just a movie that can't be judged by a score
10,What if you don't give this movie a perfect score?
10,Chicken 10
9,Top
10,I was made in my 20s. It is a movie that I watched in my 30s.It will be rerun on cable again today.It is a movie that still makes me watch it even though it is OOO.
10,The heavy afterglow lasted for hours.
10,Too bad I can't give you 11 points
10,This is such a ridiculous movie. I don't know how to express this emotion. I can only say thank you so much.
10,This is really... Wow... You have to shut up and watch.
10,the best movie
10,The desire for freedom and the retribution of cause and effect. . .A thrilling escape and catharsis. .A movie that made the present freedom precious and beautiful
1,a dull film
10,It's the best!
10,There is no need for words.
10,It's just the best
10,deserve to be called a masterpiece
10,A movie that you can watch until the end even if you watch it ten times
10,One of the masterpieces that you must see before you die!
10,One of the few movies that automatically end up watching TV when it's on.
10,Fun
10,123! You don't get sick of it even if you watch it a lot
1,I'm so bored the whole time I watch it;;;;;
1,It wasn't fun for me.
10,This movie makes me want to be alone
10,This is the best of the best
10,One must learn
10,Good
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I watch it again.
10,There's no need for words
10,Top
10,A must-see movie!
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's perfect.
10,Truly the best movie ever!
10,It's nice to see you again
10,A movie to recommend
10,jackpot
10,I've seen it so many times
10,A movie you need to watch before you die.
10,a masterpiece without words
10,I think I've seen it about 30 times. The only movie in my life. Jihuataneo.
10,Good
7,It was not very impressive
10,The movie that would have been on Noah's Ark
10,I hope the children I teach grow up a little more soon. Let's watch it together again.
9,Good
10,A masterpiece among masterpieces
10,You're the best!
10,Can I say that I watched some movies without watching "Show Shank escape"? It's the best
10,Do you believe in hope?
10,There is a reason why people call it a masterpiece.
10,The movie that best uses the theme of prison. It will be a movie that many people remember.
10,Thank you to the members of the ratings committee who gave this masterpiece a 15-year-old audience
10,Cheers good
10,True freedom is great
8,It was fun
10,10 points
10,This movie's rating is 9.35 Labor Mouse making company's fault
10,the best movie
10,What words do I need?
8,as one feels
10,2 people who registered OO street because of OOO
10,The best movie of my life.
10,You're just the best
10,How can everything be so perfect? This is really... I can't help but give you 10 points
1,Give the Terminator the first place
10,That's the best ^^b
10,Wow
9,It's been a long time since I saw a touching and refreshing movie. I have a lot of thoughts
10,Look at the ratings. Everyone has 10 points
10,I hope you watch a really good movie
10,It's really the best!
8,It's a movie that makes you happy and happy while making you think of many things
10,Top
10,It's a must-see movie in my life. I really recommend it
10,What explanation do I need?
10,Don't tell me if you haven't seen it.
10,S and S
10,Good.
10,I don't feel bored even without a flashy scene.It's fun no matter how many times I look at it.
10,10 out of 10
10,The movie that I watched several times and watched again today. I dare say it's the best moving movie ~~
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's a masterpiece
10,It's a touching movie that makes me feel many things
10,One word is enough. "Masterpiece"
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,What more words are needed.
10,It makes me think a lot...Morgan Freeman's narration was genuine.
10,The best movie of my life
10,The fame of a masterpiece has its reasons.  It's so great. I really wanted to look up classic masterpieces again
10,The best! The best! The best
10,Will it be re-released? It's a great movie
10,Why didn't I watch a movie like this before?
10,A movie that I almost missed... jackpot
10,It's been a long time since I've enjoyed it so much lol
10,a film about the will
4,Is it a masterpiece?
1,no
10,It's such a good movie
10,a masterpiece
10,This is what a movie is...
10,A beautiful movie where you two become gay at the end. Thank you lol.
10,I don't want to waste my stars...I appoint you as one of the greatest masterpieces of my life!
9,I read the original novel. I like both
10,It's such a cool movie
9,a longing for hope that leaves a long lingering impression
10,The film outshines any man's longing for freedom.
10,Wow... what a great work... I learned one important lesson in life as well as story composition...
10,Do you need words?
10,It's amazing when you open it up.
10,a masterpiece never to be seen again
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,I'm sorry I didn't see this at the cinema Haha
10,A movie you'll never regret if you watch it! It's the best! I watched it without much expectation. I really enjoyed it
10,a masterpiece beyond the century
10,rather
9,No one has the right to give another responsibility to someone whose freedom is restricted for not fulfilling their responsibility for freedom. They have already lost their freedom.
10,It's a pity that I didn't pay to watch this movie at the right time.
10,10 points
10,I can't forget the reunion of the last two friends
10,A must-see movie
10,The best movie of my life
10,Good
10,I've seen it a lot. It was fun every time I saw it.
10,Top
10,Recommendation
10,needless words
10,The only movie I've seen more than 10 times
10,Good
10,the best movie
10,a mecca for prison films
10,That's nice
10,A movie you won't get tired of even watching it 100 times. A movie that allowed me to watch a movie.
10,It teaches life more realistically and realistically than any movie I've ever seen.
9,Freedom is like water to man.
10,It's the best. The first art new drama in my life is SK Wyverns.^.^
10,That's cool.
10,the best movie
10,It's one of the best movies I've ever seen in my life.  It's a masterpiece that's more than a movie
10,It's the best. It's truly amazing
10,L
10,I've seen it 16 times in my life. I personally wanted to watch it. I wanted to recommend it to my acquaintances. There is no need for words. A must-see movie in life.
10,You need to see this
10,That's how the movie should be made
10,DuPrain's long struggle against injustice will never leave his mind.
10,Do you need words?
10,hope for freedom hopeless oppression A movie that makes you think about the reason for life and existence
10,I'm always looking forward to seeing a movie like this again
10,This is what movies should do
10,A movie that comes to mind when you feel empty and depressed
10,There is a reason why a masterpiece is a masterpiece. It is one of the few movies that sometimes come to mind as time. I dare call it the greatest masterpiece of this time
10,It's not a waste.
10,It's not like it's not like it's not.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,It's been 20 years since the movie started. It's a masterpiece
10,I don't need words.
10,A movie that you have to watch while living a masterpiece. A movie that you'll regret if you don't watch
10,I don't think there's a movie that's as touching as this one with hope in it.the most memorable film of one's life
10,It's a masterpiece almost 20 years after it came out
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,What more do you need to say?
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,Good. Just...
10,I'd love to.
10,This is a real movie
10,Best movie to recommend to anyone!
10,It's a movie
10,A movie I've seen more than 10 times. It's touching every time I see it!
10,It's an error to give points... I can't give you a score. It's the best work!
10,I don't get tired of it no matter how many times I see it
10,a work that delicately reveals inner psychology
10,A movie that you must watch in your life
10,It's not enough to give 10 points. There's no need for comment.
10,I don't know how many times I've seen this movie. It's been a long time since Cedar forgot. A movie I'll be watching for the rest of my life.
10,a human victory
10,jackpot
10,What a great movie.
10,Hope is good thing
10,mining
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's the best movie for anyone. It's always the best movie
10,It's just the best...
10,Top
10,It's the best.
10,I strongly recommend it!
10,The movie that I still remember
10,There's nothing like this these days. It's the best.
10,It was the best
10,A masterpiece that's not enough even if you give me 10 points
9,I'll see you again someday.
10,The best movie ever
10,I'm not lying. I think I've seen it about 20 times. But every time is good
8,hehe
10,Isn't he the father of all the prison movies? And the psychological description of the character is beyond words
10,There is no need for explanation. a work out of ten
10,It's nice.
10,Top
10,I envy DuPaint who never lost hope in the worst of the movies I see once a year.
10,the best movie of my life
10,This is the movie. A movie that's been around for years is the best movie.
10,I didn't think much about it.It became the best movie of my life
10,I dare say it's the best ever.
10,needless words
10,This is the best movie in words.
10,The greatest masterpiece of mankind created by humans whose depth of life cannot be measured.
10,Top
1,It's not funny at all and it's not touching at all...
10,I want to say it's a masterpiece. Movies that you want to watch again. Movies that you want to cherish
10,full of beans
10,It is hailed as the greatest movie of all time anywhere in the world. I'm so thankful that this movie is here
10,How did I finally get to watch this movie?
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,a spring rain-fresh film
10,Let's see
10,You're the best!
8,I didn't feel touched.
10,It's the greatest work of my life
10,Out of all the masterpiece!I can't get enough of it even if I watch it more than ten times.
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,How many times has it been?
10,It was art
10,Wow...
10,That's awesome...
10,a masterpiece without words
10,There's no needless words! Let's watch it! It's good to watch it twice!
10,It was the best. I watched it without getting bored for 2 hours.I'm so thankful that there's a movie like this
10,This is
10,I really liked the word hope.Mozart's music scene is also a famous scene.The best movie of my life!
10,I think it's the best movie with real emotion that gives 100% vicarious satisfaction to many movies so that I can feel the second and third time more than the first time
8,The scene of Mozart Figaro's marriage flowing out is impressive
10,The movie that taught me how to live...
10,It is my first time to have such a long and beautiful painting.
10,Wow................!!!
10,We drank in the sun like free men. It was like it was on the roof of my house. We had nothing to envy.
1,Bosung's loyalty
10,The movie that left a deep impression on me no matter how many times I watched it...
10,I applaud you for your unforgettable emotions and hopes even after all these years
10,It's a movie that raised the awareness of prisoners
10,It's like a movie to watch before you die
10,the best without words
1,Shawshank is a place where there's no spirit
10,No words needed
10,There's no need for words.The best...
10,Morgan Freeman
10,Do you need words?
10,You'll know when you see it
10,It's a masterpiece to watch before you die!
10,I think I've seen it more than five times.
10,It's a real masterpiece.I suggest you take a look before you die.There has never been a masterpiece like this before... ...a true masterpiece of this time
10,a true masterpiece
10,Good
10,I think all 90's movies are fun and the story is the best.I am not bored but interesting. I can't believe I'm watching this movie now
1,You're not loyal...
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I don't need any explanation.
10,Good
10,A good movie that reminds me of Budweiser
10,Tim Robbins' understated emotional processing and facial expressions were so natural and admirable.a brilliant essay on hope
10,I don't need words. It's a ten-point movie even if you watch it again and again
10,I can't get rid of the lingering feeling until now after the movie. It's a masterpiece. The best!
10,It's a masterpiece of masterpiece!
10,A movie that gives you true hope and happiness in everyday life
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,The best masterpiece that you can't get enough of even after watching it dozens of times
9,Morgan Freeman is a masterpiece
10,I think it's a movie that's worth watching at least once in your life
10,I'm glad I saw you before you died.
10,need no explanation
10,Awesome! The best movie
10,Hope is a good thing
10,Hella funny 
10,Every line is a gem.
10,It's new every time I see it.
10,I think I've seen it about 10 times.
10,Ilbe OO...You want to come all the way here and do that? Pathetic things lol. Appreciate it after the pre-evaluation
10,I'm giving NAVER ratings for the first time. And once every three days ^^
10,Ilbe kids are a bit...
1,What a bummer. Lack of loyalty
10,My favorite movie in the world
10,I think it's a movie that made a true story about a clever escape
1,Did you see this opening trash movie!!! I'll give you a point because of you!
1,with a great deal
10,jackpot
10,I don't need an explanation
9,It's the best movie even now.
1,That's ridiculous
10,Why don't we escape from our own showshank in search of hope?
10,Top
10,Nothing to download
1,have no loyalty
10,No action movie in Hollywood these days can get revenge this cheerfully
10,It's a perfect movie
10,I want to see you again after a long time. Hah!
1,How dare you escape by yourself? have no loyalty to
10,the greatest movie of all time
1,the act of escaping by oneself
1,.I'm not loyal. For the first place
1,an absurdly ruined film
10,It feels new every time I see it.
10,Thank you for staying with us till the end.I'll give you 10 points
10,I really enjoy watching it
10,a loyal escape from prison
10,rating recovery
10,I got goose bumps from the last scene of the movie that really doesn't need words
1,an unfaithful film
9,The beer on the roof is still cool in my memory.
1,When a good movie fails due to miscasting. Bosung should have appeared. Shout out loyalty!!!!!!!!!
10,Good hot
1,a racist film
10,A masterpiece that makes you reflect on your life. There is no reason to write long.
1,a racist film
10,It's really the best...
1,in the first place
10,You can watch it again and again.
1,Running away alone is not a good thing to do
10,The best doesn't need a reason.
10,Good
10,Very good~~~~~~^^
9,Good
10,A masterpiece that will last forever...
10,Good
10,A movie that will be as good as a new movie in 2013!
1,I escaped by myself and I lied and got 1 point
10,I don't need to say anything else the best movie of my life
1,He escaped alone and scored 1 point
1,in the first place
10,This is also the best
10,Wow... I don't think such a masterpiece will come out again
10,You're ruining all your masterpieces. The GPA reconstruction campaign...
1,It's ridiculous because they're prisoners.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's a really nice movie. It was 2 hours and 22 minutes without regrets!
10,jackpot
10,10 points for escaping from prison and keeping the lead with HK
10,an interesting movie
1,Abandon the other prisoners and escape alone
1,Escape from nowhere
8,It was okay
10,Hoping for the freedom I've forgotten...
10,The composition is good. Good!
10,Hope cannot be given up at any moment. Like a human dream.
1,It's impossible
1,I'm from the Women's GenerationGuys these days don't have loyalty like the main character?Phew... Pathetic
10,Hope is a good thing
2,I'm so full because I escaped by myself
10,Good things don't go away.
10,Let's not fool around with masterpieces.
10,There are a lot of OOOs. They're from Oyu. It's a group of murderers
1,He's escaping alone
1,an outrageous film
1,I'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh Uat five o'clock
1,I'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh Uat five o'clock
1,Not loyal
1,It's a waste of a movie without loyalty
1,You're not loyal enough to escape
10,I miss you even if I see you ten times
1,You're running away to live alone -_- No way!Yes!
10,I don't know if there will be another perfect movie like this
1,a movie that cannot be found with loyalty
1,I'm from Oh U in a big way
1,He escaped without loyalty and got 1 point
1,Loyalty is an accessory
1,an unfaithful film
1,You're escaping by yourself without loyalty. Wow!
1,No way. It's a movie with social and emotional problems
1,Escape without loyalty
1,LOL Escape without loyalty. You've seen it three times
10,Phew... Loyalty? What? I can't believe I'm just joking around with this masterpiece
1,I'll give you 1 point for escaping alone. Aren't you loyal?
1,I'm from Oyu. I'll give you 1 point for a movie that's not loyal
1,You don't have loyalty.
1,Escape by yourself
1,an all-you-can-eat restaurant
1,Escaping by himself
1,Loyalty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,Loyalty dies and lives in loyalty.
5,I'll watch over you.
7,I barely give 7 points because of my loyalty in the last scene.
1,He escaped without loyalty and got 1 point.
10,10 points for loyalty movies
10,The last scene has 10 points
1,A movie that escapes without loyalty
9,-1 point for the winning team
10,the best movie on earth
10,Just 10 points. I don't think I need to say anything else.
10,It's a masterpiece that goes without saying.
10,It's always the best movie ever.
10,The movie that I really enjoyed...
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean will be full of greenery as in my dream.
10,It's so fun and touching even now.
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of. It lingers every time you watch it. +_+
10,My whole body shivers.
10,Movies that you need to watch over and over again
10,It's the best...
10,I couldn't feel it when I was young. It's not just a prison break movie.
10,There is no need to add flamboyant rhetoric.I can feel the thrill in my body
10,What do you mean this is real?
10,It's really touching in the last scene... The hardship... More than 20 years of hardship... And a reunion with a friend. And a silent hug with a friend. It's the best.
10,Why did so many good movies come out in the 1990s? I really envy the person who went to the theater and watched this movie at this time.
10,That's awesome
9,Is there no escape movie like this again?
10,I'm so touched! I'm so happy to see this kind of movie
9,Different fun from novels!
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life
10,a wordless film
10,There's a reason why I'm the king of imdb
10,Isn't this the best?
10,(Sighs)
10,A movie where I feel a lot of things
10,moving
10,I want to give a rating now.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of. A movie that you have to keep if you don't need words
10,A movie that you can't get tired of even if you watch it more than five times
10,needless words
10,A movie that moves me every time I see it
10,The best. This should be No.1
9,exhilaration
10,the best movie of my life
10,This is from '94.This movie is still the best
10,It's not a waste of time
10,think about what true freedom is
10,It's...
10,Wow...
10,Morgan Freeman's box
10,It lingers in my mind
10,Top
10,I can't forget the emotion that was overwhelming in the last scene.
10,It is a fresh shock to me that the most memorable movie I have ever seen in my life is a true story.
10,This is a movie
10,A perfect movie.
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I couldn't help but get a rating of $.I hope someone will watch this movie.
10,+I can say it's the best.
10,Hope also requires effort
10,A movie to watch in your life
10,It's just a movie that doesn't need words.  I think it's a must-see movie before I die.
7,It's miscellaneous news. Why don't we just go to jail for the bad guys?
10,Team Robbins is the best
10,I'm going to kill you. Just watch it no matter what
10,It's so much fun
10,It speaks to the importance of freedom and hope
10,It's so much fun to watch that I'm amazed.It's a masterpiece
10,I love this kind of style. I like movies that make me calm and think. I like it. I love it
10,the best movie of my life
10,I felt like my heart was being purified the whole time I watched it
10,Wow...
10,I want to escape from the showshank called my limit.
10,the best movie in the world
10,a film that leaves a deep impression
10,a lingering film
10,a masterpiece of freedom
9,It's a masterpiece that touches my heart no matter how many times I see it
8,I think it's the best movie about prison. A story that shows brilliant ideas and corruption of vested interests
10,It's like the best movie ever.
10,A movie with so many lessons. I remember so vividly what Morgan Freeman really said when he saw the parole interview at the end. It's a great movie.
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,Hope
10,There's a lot of stuff in there's a lot to it. This is a real movie
10,There's no needless words.
1,2 hours and 30 minutes to give a lesson hope?
10,It's a masterpiece
9,I know why it's a masterpiece
10,It's the only movie I've ever seen that has a good rating on
10,Is there no 100 points?
9,It's like a movie.
10,No comment
10,The best movie... needless to say
10,the best movie of my life
10,Freedom and hope are everywhere. Freedom to sharpen stones in prison... Who can stop my freedom?
10,A movie that doesn't need any more explanation.
10,It's really the best.I keep admiring Andy Duprein
10,Good...
10,You're the best
10,The only movie that's fun to watch in a row
10,the best five
10,Best movie ever...
10,A movie you should watch before you die
10,instructive
10,It's a great movie
10,I've never seen a movie like this in my life. "Hope is not a bad thing."
10,Right!
10,It's a movie that taught me hope and freedom when I was in hell every day. Thank you.
10,The most interesting movie in my life...
10,I don't know how to express it.  It's a great masterpiece
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now! It's a movie that's more than 2 hours long but it's not boring
10,the best movie
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I got goosebumps when I saw the last scene
10,A movie that's just like a drug
10,Maybe we live in hope...
9,It is a masterpiece in which man overcomes freedom and hope in institutional violence. Hope
10,Freedom...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It is a fun and warm movie
9,A movie to watch when life is more difficult and desperate. Don't lose hope.
10,Time went by without boredom.A movie that has a lot of meanings...It's the best.
10,Cool
10,I think I saw such a masterpiece too late... It's the best!!!!
10,It's too good to give 10 points
10,A great movie that touches me every time I see it
10,Ha. A masterpiece that doesn't need to be said for a masterpiece
10,I don't need a horse leaves. Make sure you watch it
10,The best masterpiece of my life.
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words.
10,What a masterpiece! I like this movie
10,It's so much fun.
10,I am astonished at the genius of DuPrain.
10,Is it possible to recreate a masterpiece like this?
10,Hope
10,Gyut. (Korean traditional music
9,A Man's Victory Drama to Find Freedom
10,This is what a movie is like!
10,I think I've seen this movie more than 10 times
10,I saw the score and it was fun. ^^
10,I can't forget the feeling of peace and peace that Red forgot all about the world when he visited Andy at the end
10,To the blue sea in search of freedom
10,It's a really famous painting. I've had this movie since I was bornYou
10,It's great
10,I can't believe I'm seeing such a famous painting now.
10,That's too bad
10,I can watch it dozens of times.
10,A must-see movie before you die
9,You can't greet tomorrow with a smile in a hopeless life.
10,Good! Make sure to watch it!
10,The title is Shawshank Escape. I was fooled. I thought I was just living without escaping I couldn't help but be fooled by the poster A masterpiece of admiration and emotion
10,Top
10,I can't believe I just saw a movie like this
10,Make sure to watch it. ^^
10,I hope the last blue Pacific Ocean is the same as my hope.
10,It's a movie that always touches my heart even when I watch it on TV
10,I'm good job
10,Let's watch and die
10,Ah... It's so nice
10,Such a masterpiece...
10,You're the best!
10,a lingering masterpiece
10,The word "best" is not a waste.
10,It's the best movie in the world
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I need to look at the shoes carefully
10,Why did I watch this movie now?That's amazing.
10,rather
10,There's nothing to be sad about
10,I didn't know life was so important. There's nothing to throw away.
10,This is the best in movies
10,a film that brings the word hope to life
10,a film full of hope
10,A masterpiece is told by time. Shawshank Escape will be a movie for my son and daughter.
10,My favorite one and only one letter. A dream
10,This is a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it
10,an undeniable film
10,the best movie
10,the best movie
10,It's totally the best
10,When can I feel the greatness of the story again?
10,There's a reason for every masterpiece.
10,in a loud voice
10,not much more than
10,Legend
10,What a strange movie it is not boring.It is definitely a boring genre development.  But it's not boring  It contains everything.  About life...   There's only one masterpiece.
10,"Hope" is the most fun movie in my life. Read comments about people you don't seeLOL
10,I just watched the best movie of my life
10,I like this movie
10,I understand why people say it's a must-see movie before they die
10,Look at it more than three times. That's the courtesy of this movie
10,Good
10,It's the best...
10,I can understand why it's the highest rating movie ever
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece over time. I think it is a movie that expresses the endless longing for freedom better than any other movies. You can feel the thrill of the ending scene in a different sense no matter how many times you look at it.
10,No way!
10,I can't get enough of it. It makes me memorize lines
10,It's the best...
10,Good
10,It's just a masterpiece
10,It's perfect!
10,the best movie of my life
10,I recommend it if you haven't seen it yet.
10,A movie that lingers a lot. A really good movie
10,A masterpiece that I want to see again
10,I've become pathetic for not seeing such a masterpiece so far. It was the best movie I've ever seen with a hair loss. There is no comparison with anything.
10,The best movie of my life
10,The last 10 minutes is the highlight
9,I watch the last scene whenever the cable does it for me on the cable
10,a good movie
10,Freedom
10,The preciousness of freedom... It's a masterpiece!
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,You're the best!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,The top 1 movie in my life is really great.
10,One of the best endings in history.
10,This is the best of the best
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Good
9,a well-made film
8,a well-organized drama
10,It's the best
10,an insufferable film I recommend it
10,This is the best movie of my life. Best 5!
10,Can't explain... It's the best!
10,It's just the best!
10,I think I know why they call it a masterpiece Really... I hope people who haven't seen the best movie will watch it.
10,the best movie
9,Touching Movie = Shawshank Escape
10,It's a movie that's a waste to watch as a killing time
10,Nice Andy
10,A really touching movie
10,Make sure you watch it
10,It's so touching. I'm so touched that I started and saw the end of the fight against time that never ends.
10,The movie that touches me every time I watch it again and again. The movie that impresses the last scene
10,I'm sorry to all the people who died without watching this movie
10,reversal
10,I don't know why I watched this movie now.Every scene is precious
10,Bravo
10,Hope is a good thing
10,the best movie
10,Good
10,It's good...
10,the best movie
10,I think I know why it's a masterpiece.
10,Very good
10,Good
10,I got goosebumps when I saw it. There will never be a movie like this again.
10,Top
10,a hunger for freedom the will to human life a masterpiece among masterpieces
10,What a fun and touching masterpiece!
10,It is a very touching drama. I cried a lot after watching this movie
10,This is the real movie
10,(Sound of laughter)
10,Look.
10,I've only just seen this legendary movie. It's not a waste to say that it's the best movie!
9,I can't believe I'm watching this now. Sounds perfect.
10,The movie that allowed me to have hope
10,It's touching...
10,a film that offers enlightenment of the value of hope
10,A movie that doesn't need words
10,a must-see movie
10,Top
10,That's really funny lol that's all I had to say lol
9,The movie that made me think a lot...You're the best!
10,It's nice
10,It's not a legend. It's a legend
9,A movie full of life's lingering feelings about the last promise...
10,the best movie
10,the best movie of one's life
10,Hardship is another name for hope.
10,Even if I look at it's 10 points!
10,I can't stop smiling when Red and Andy meet at the end
10,This... Really... the best
10,10 points!
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,I don't need words. I'm sorry to grade you. It's the best.
10,I don't have to tell you
10,I love it!
10,The best movie I think.
10,This is... a legend
10,Why is this 10th place? It's worth competing with 3 idiots
10,A movie to watch. Good
10,Please rerun this
10,one's favorite
10,one of the few movies that you watch over and repeatedly
10,It is a must-see movie before I really die.
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life.
10,I've never seen a movie this interesting
10,Good
10,It's amazing
10,Top
10,The ending is so nice
10,I've watched it so many times that I'm sick and tired of it.
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The best movie of my life even though I watched it for the first time today.
10,a masterpiece
10,needless words
10,Top
10,It was fun
10,It's beautiful. Escape from Shawshank
10,The best movie of my life
10,The best movie of my life no matter how many times I watch it
10,This kind of movie is a real movie...
10,I'm surprised it's not number one
10,I have nothing to say...All
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I replay it
10,10 points for this kind of movie
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,No way!
10,Hope...
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you do it on TV
10,A great masterpiece. Throwing 11 points
10,It's like a movie^
10,A real movie
10,The best. #1 on imdb
10,cool
10,How many movies make my soul cry every time I watch them?
10,Don't look up the movie
10,a memorable movie
10,I really enjoyed it. I strongly recommend it!
10,I am glad that I watched this movie now.
10,There's a reason for a masterpiece The best movie ever!
10,Why is this only 13th place in the overall movie ratings? I think 3rd place is also low...
10,I'm so into it
10,The movie that comes to mind sometimes... This is a real movie
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.^^
10,the best movie
10,a memorable movie
8,I saw it well done
10,I hope there will be more people who can feel something after watching this movie.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
1,If you watch "Alcatraz Escape" and "Shawnk Escape"...This movie is not well made.
10,It's the best movie of my life. I want to give this movie a perfect score out of 10... It's one of the best films of the 20th century that no one can deny
10,It's the best
10,The best movie of my life.
10,I still remember how I felt when I first saw this movie. It's already been almost 20 years... Still my one of my favorite...
10,The last scene is really the best
10,I guess the people below didn't really look into the main character's situation and how he felt. What did you feel when you were free from 20 years of bondage and stretched out your arms to the sky? I can't feel the deeper lingering feelings and the happiness of freedom ^^
1,The person below is right. a gross bore LOL Why is it a masterpiece?
10,It's so pathetic that I've never seen such a masterpiece before
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece!1
10,What a masterpiece.
10,A movie that overturned the prejudice that action movies are fun and life consideration is not fun
10,The preciousness of unfamiliar freedom in a familiar unfortunate environment.
10,You only got 9.36 points for this renaming?
10,I don't need words from the first movie that I was touched by.
10,It's one of the best three movies.
10,It's a movie that has to be ranked in the top 5 of all time
10,a masterpiece
10,I don't need another word. It's the best.
10,Top
10,It expressed human beings well.
10,the best
10,a masterpiece that touched one's heart in high school
8,Am I weird? It's not that
10,I feel hope in this movie.
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,a masterpiece of Frank's unquestionable masterpieces
10,It's touching.
10,The best movie is one of the principal piece of work
9,Is there anyone who hasn't seen it yet?
10,Now I know why it's a masterpiece... I don't even have the right to evaluate it.It's just the best
10,The best movie of my life almost changed.
10,Is it a masterpiece?
10,It's a real masterpiece.
10,This is it.
10,a collection film that is not boring to recommend to children
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,needless words
10,What a great movie!
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,Why isn't this the first place?
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I'm going crazy... One of the few movies I'll ever see in my life.
10,It's just amazing. Now I know why Shawshank Escape is called a masterpiece.
10,It's so touching.
10,There is no need for words. Let's just take a look.
10,I saw it at dawn and it was so touching
9,a message of hope for freedom
10,I didn't see Shawshank Escape until I turned 20.
10,A masterpiece is definitely a masterpiece. Fun and thrilling twist. Good
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life
10,jackpot
10,One of the few movies that influenced my life is this movie whenever I have a hard time
10,The message of hope is perfect as well as the interesting story that seems to be boring.
10,I don't know why I just saw this now. It's amazing. It's amazing.
10,The best movie of my life...
8,It didn't meet expectations
10,A work that expresses the subject of good and evil to the fullest. The best movie of my life without hesitation.
10,The last scene was so reassuring
10,It is a movie that makes you hope for hope without giving in to the abyss of life.
10,ANDY
10,I can't express it in words. It's the best movie ever
10,The distributor who translated the title as Escape is the problem
1,I'm a fool to look at the 40 reviews I've done before. Why did I give 10 points to this forced work?
10,I can't help but admire the scenario.
10,This is... a masterpiece
10,10 points
10,Top
10,I'surely
10,What do I need to say?
10,A film that gives lessons. A film that gives hope
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,a heart-warming movie
10,a film of hope
10,Top
10,a ten-point movie
10,It's really the best. The lines are like jewels.The movie I really want to keep...
10,The scene of escape and getting rained on is the most memorable movie I have ever seen.
10,This kind of movie...
10,It was a good movie
10,You're full of charms. The end is refreshing
10,Such a beautiful movie
10,needless words
10,Touching and lingering... I don't know what to say. A movie that you'll regret if you die without watching it
10,It's touching. It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,You're the best!It's so touching
10,I think I binge-watched it 10 times
10,The emotion that comes when you're done watching...I think this is the true movie
10,Every word of it is a famous saying movie. It reminds me of many lessons and the gratitude of life. It was a good movie
10,Ah.. I'm so touched...I can't believe it was in 1995.I regret seeing this now.Make sure to watch it.
10,There was no movie that touched my heart like this.;;
10,a movie that teaches many lessons
10,deserving what the name stands for
4,I think it's a movie that helps you live. But I think the running time is too long.
10,the best movie of one's life
10,It's a masterpiece
8,Isn't that too much? A movie to watch before I die? I don't think it's that bad
10, be moved
10,I can't believe I just saw this famous painting.
10,I don't know how many times I watched it!
10,It's a really well-made work
10,94 after Leon
9,Refreshing!!! What do you mean for real?
10,Nothing in the world can suppress the craving for human freedom.  the best movie
10,That's so cool. I'm touched.
10,the best movie
9,It's very well made. Although it's less touching.
10,This movie seems to have touched me meaningfully This movie seems to change a lot for me.
10,Freedom I finally found after I left the sewer pipe of life.
10,That's so cool.
10,as stormy as Stephen King's original
10,이다This is Tarantula. Strongly recommended
10,It's so nice. The happy ending...
10,It's the most memorable movie I've ever seen
10,Top
10,the first-come-first.
10,The word "hope" in two letters. It's small but I feel that it's big inside
10,I saw it today...Thank you!
1,Don't make a fuss
10,Everyone who watched the movie stood up and applauded after the movie was released
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. It's realI didn't see this until now. Reflect on yourself
10,This is the movie
10,It's awesome
10,A masterpiece that doesn't get boring even if you watch it 10 times.
10,Regretting something I've never seen before. It's a big one
10,The scene where you lock the door and play the opera is the most impressiveThe perfect combination of music and movies!
10,It's the most fun movie I've ever seen and it's the best because I can't get enough of it.
10,It's still the best movie
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words. My favorite movie ^-^
10,The best movie of my life. The movie that I can't get enough of whenever T-secretary comes out
10,You have to let this masterpiece slide.
10,It's a masterpiece. A movie with something to gain.
10,I watched the movie that I must watch before I die without getting bored. Strongly recommend
10,Let's take a look and...
10,A movie that enlightens the meaning of the word hope
10,The peace that can't be evaluated in words. It's the best masterpiece. Morgan Freeman's performance also stands out.
10,I'm going to lose 9 points. I'm going to fill 10 points because of the people who gave me 1 point for fun. *It's a masterpiece*
10,It's not a waste to get a perfect score
10,I'm lucky to be able to meet this movie in my life!
10,It's a masterpiece of the century. How should I explain it?
10,It's a masterpiece
9,That's why it's called a masterpiece.
10,One of the few movies that 9.35 is considered to have a low rating.
10,Now I understand why people call the best movie = Shawshank Escape
10,I don't know how many times I watched it
10,Did I watch it 10 times?
10,I can't believe I wasn't rating this masterpiece.
10,I'm just glad I've seen this movie now
10,The number one movie in my life!
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,A masterpiece. I don't need words. I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now.
10,Hope is a good thing. It's probably the most precious thing. It never disappears.
10,It's a masterpiece. A movie that will get at least 9.7 points
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,It was a little bit boring in the middle of the movie. I was mesmerized in the second half
10,It's the best
10,The movie where the three idiots go away...
10,It's the best
10,A movie that's always touching to watch it again.
10,A movie that you'll see again someday in your life
10,I've seen this movie more than 20 times. be a masterpiece of the times
8,I've watched too many escape movies to feel touched
10,It's a movie that comes to mind right away when I say "good movie." This is the only real movie I've ever seen.
10,The most touching movie in my life. The movie that leaves a lot of thoughts and lingering feelings after watching this movie
10,It's not a waste of 10 points.^^
10,It was really fun!.
10,I've seen enough movies 30 times. It's really good.
10,Duprein's grueling story of freedom.
10,8.4 No Words Needed
9,The cinematic delight is one step ahead of contemporary Forrest Gump
10,It's definitely a must-see movie before you die
10,I really don't need to say anything.
10,the best movie
10,It was the most surprising movie I've ever seen It's amazing
10,I saw it exactly 7 times on my birthday. I thought it was the best masterpiece
10,It's one of the best movies
9,A film that gives you deep reflection on hope. Let's see each other once every five years.
10,The only movie you can say was
10,Red and Andy's reunion in Gihuataneo is always impressive.
10,I also give 10 points. A movie that's too good to give 9 points
10,You need to give me 10 points
10,A movie that I really praise... It's really great and touching.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,It was a good movie
9,I will definitely watch this movie again someday. I believe it will touch you even more than now.
10,needless to say Look at him
10,It's nice.
10,This movie is a hope.
10,For freedom... it's the best
10,Thank you for watching even now
10,Thank you for watching this movie
10,It's a masterpiece
10,A really great movie. A movie that makes me regret letting this movie pass by so far
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Good
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,The reason why a masterpiece is a masterpiece.
8,Hope
10,My favorite movie!
10,I can't get enough of it even though it's the 12th time.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you realize how precious a free day is
10,A movie that is hard to find everything that's missing
10,It's the best movie...
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece. It's such a good movie
10,It's really the best.
10,the best without words
10,A really good movie
10,It was a good movie...not boring at all.
10,It's very funny even for a woman ID Downstairs
10,I was really surprised by the twist. I never thought it would be a twist movie.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece.
8,I don't know if it's because I saw "Prison Break" but
10,The best movie of my life!!!!^^
10,The best...
10,It's the best movie. It's really the best!
9,Maybe a little boring for a woman? But it's a masterpiece
10,a gentle impression
10,This is a real movie
10,I watched it 30 times. It's new every time I see it
9,It's a masterpiece
10,Make sure you watch it twice
9,A movie that taught me lessons and enlightenment in various aspects of my life
10,I wish I could have seen you sooner
10,It's the greatest masterpiece of my life. I regret watching it so late.
10,I think I should live my life to the fullest ^^
10,I can see why the movie has the highest rating in the world.
10,1010 points are not enough
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a great movie. I hope you watch it at least once
10,I don't need words. Five stars full
10,It'll be the best movie of my life forever
10,the best movie of my life
10,a great masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch a masterpiece again
9,It's a movie that's interesting by combining materials that could be boring
10,There's a reason why a masterpiece is a masterpiece I was surprised that Andy was 196cm talllol
8,I remember the scene where the main character stretched out his arms and got rained on
10,It's the best.
10,A masterpiece that gives hope!
10,There's a reason why I got a high GPA LOL
10,Standard of Message Delivery
10,That's cool.
10,It's good no matter how many times I see it!~
10,A masterpiece is not a waste at all.
10,It's a masterpiece that's touching and lingers in my mind
10,Good
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it
10,There's no need for words.I think I've seen it five times. It's the best movie of my life.
10,No words needed. You're the best
10,Good things never go away.
10,Famous paintings are famous paintings!
10,The touch of freedom is...
10,I think it's a movie in history that doesn't need words.
10,I can't help but say that it's the best
10,Good!
10,Worst translation of the best movie foreign titles.
10,I lost track of time. A movie with hope...
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,The director is a genius. I'm speechlessPeople who just look will know how I feel.That's amazing
10,It's a shame that I can only give you 10 points. It shows everything in my life
10,You're making me write my GPA
10,a movie that will be remembered for a long time
10,a masterpiece without words
10,A long time isn't boring at all
10,To everyone who watched this movie right nowHappiness as much as your GPA
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
9,It's a great movie
8,It's definitely a masterpiece. But I couldn't feel the long aftertaste
10,The movie I watched the most...But every time I watch a thrilling movie...
10,I felt the excitement of every moment. It's more popular than Papillon
10,The best movie of my life. I think I've seen it 10 times
10,I was touched. I wondered why I watched this movie now.
6,An interesting film that is strangely valued more than it has.
9,We should have had enough of a framed prosecutor.
10,All I can say is that you're the best.
10,It's my first time writing a short 40-pyong. There is no need for words.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,It was so touching. I can't believe how cool each line is so cool.I strongly recommend it!
10,I can't believe I'm seeing such a masterpiece now
10,It was the most interesting movie I've ever seen. Andy's escape scene. The vastness of the Pacific Ocean is still dazzling.
10,A movie that made me realize the importance of freedom
10,Awesome. I found a string of hope.
10,Hope... Hope... Hope...That's awesome.
9,Every line touches my heart
7,It was fun
10,a wordless film
10,This is a movie from 16 years ago?
10,It doesn't matter if it's a box office hit. This movie is the end of the movie.
10,The best movie I've ever seen for over 10 years that gives me strength and warm heart
10,A film detailing how to escape...
10,This is the hope...
10,Luxury movies that are worth watching many times!
10,The best movie of my life
10,This is a famous painting
10,This is a masterpiece
9,It's not tacky at all. It's fun
10,It's a good movie.
10,It's a movie loved from the 1994s to now and it seems to me that it's exciting
10,The last one seems so pleasant. That's amazing.
6,A movie with great lines and good lessons. Am I stupid to not understand a masterpiece?
10,The best movie of my life! I don't need any more words...!!
10,one of the few movies I've seen to the end
10,This is what a ten-point movie is all about. It's so touching
10,It's like I memorized the lines LOL I think I've seen it more than 30 times LOL
10,A masterpiece would be something like this.
10,What a great movie
10,I didn't know it when I first saw it. I've seen it twice. b
10,I can't keep my mouth shut at night. Like the movie Cast Away.
10,It's only after you've seen it that you know what it's worth.It's a great movie
9,It is a movie that reminds us of patience and worldly wisdom to live our lives and has high educational value
10,It's so touching. It's so much fun. It's going to be the best movie of my life
10,A masterpiece of the century.It's a good movie to watch in 10 years later
10,Good
10,The best. A good to watch again.
10,It was a movie that lingered a lot. It's not a waste of time.
10,It's not an easy escape. I enjoyed it!
10,The best movie that makes me so happy when I watch it
10,A movie that will be remembered even if mankind is destroyed.
10,They say they've seen it a lot. It's the best every time
10,The best! Why is this movie fun every time I watch it?
9,A well-painted film on Stephen King's great original.
10,I think it's a movie that doesn't need words
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it.
10,The message of hope was stronger than anything else
10,I'll give you the rating of three idiots
6,Freedom is precious. So I escaped from the prison where I was wrongly imprisoned.The subject that needs to be made into a movie?
10,You're the best
10,Wow...
10,Best movie I've ever seen after Gladiator
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.
10,It's not a masterpiece for no reason
10,It's a masterpiece. It's complete
8,a human triumph over injustice
10,One of the best movies of my life...
10,A masterpiece that perfectly hunts both rabbits for its entertainment and workmanship
10,The best movie of my life
10,be handsome.k.a.a.a.a
10,It's a movie that fundamentally shows what freedom is like.
10,It's really fun...It's the best movie ever! I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now
10,I think it'll be fun and touching even if I watch it many times
10,It's so touching after it's over.이런 I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece
10,It's a movie that fits the word freedom very well
10,Did you see the movie or not?
10,I can't believe I just saw a movie like this!
10,A film that shows what the crazy presence of 90's movies is like
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,It's a movie that's worth 10 points. I can't get enough of it. It's a series of touching moments
10,Fun
10,I don't get tired of watching this movie. It's so much fun10 points is not enough movie
10,the best movie that lingers in the heart of the movie
10,I wonder why I watched this movie now. Top
10,I'm touched
5,I don't know why it's called the best masterpiece.
9,The fun that keeps coming even if you know it
10,That's awesome
10,It's always fun to watch
10,A movie that's good to watch
10,A movie that can't wait to be pushed out of the top 10.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a great movie. I want to give more than 10 stars.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen.
9,It makes me think seriously about the importance of freedom...
9,JAEHYUN is here
9,It's a movie that lingers in my mind even though it's boring. It's a masterpiece
10,It's so dope.
10,This movie is not enough to be called a legend. Legendary level
10,Don't settle for your own life or set limits on your own
10,It's so much fun [Laughing
10,The movie that made me know and think about a lot of things
10,A real movie
1,It's good to watch it again...
10,Hope is great! A movie that enlightens you! Thank you so much^^ Good~!
10,Hope
8,a ready-made article dealing with hope
1,No words needed.
9,learn more freedom than a traveler through an inmate
10,There's no need for words
10,Ah.. I was touched when I watched this movie.. I can't forget it. The best masterpiece!
10,I can't forget the way Tim Robbins looked when he talked about the island
10,The best ending...
9,Best movie ever based on Stephen King.
1,I think he copied the movie "Alcatraz Escape" a lot ^^;. It's so unrealistic.
9,The best movie...
10,Top
10,It's a movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it again
10,A moving movie with an unforgettable ending
10,I hope ^^
9,A movie with a long-lasting ending
10,It's a movie that stops the channel no matter what. Do you know Andy DuPrain?
9,Crawling through dirty sewers to find freedom... The vast sea is memorable.
9,Recommendation! A great movie. I still remember the last scene.
9,Best movie made by best actor and best director
8,The Most Complete of Stilberg's Humanistic Films
10,It's one of the movies that you have to watch in your life that no more praise is meaningful
10,be short of ten points I want to give more points.
10,Wouldn't it be a masterpiece that you can't get enough of?
10,I think it's the best. Make sure to watch it
10,Hope is a good thing
10,I think it's the best escape movie
10,Best movie of my life with Man On Fire
10,The best movie
10,I like this kind of happy ending story the best!
10,What the hell is a one-point--
10,This is what a masterpiece is
10,I look at it over and over again and over again...
10,a movie that makes one look back on life
10,Freedom and hope!
10,the best movie
10,My friend... my friend...
10,a film of one of the greatest masterpieces
10,a film that touches and leaves a lingering impression
10,moving
10,Top
10,The best...
10,It's amazing
10,Top
10,It's so moving... lingering...moving
10,a wordless film
10,Do you need words?
10,A movie that's always fun to watch
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,Speechless emotion
10,Now I know why it is the best movie.
10,It's a movie that you can always cherish.I'm touched by the scene where we meet at the end.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me speechless.
10,You're the best. Really
10,It's amazing that 140 minutes contains his long and long battle.
10,It's a movie to watch before you die
10,I really liked the last scene. It's the best movie ever!
10,The best movie ever!
10,the most touching moment
10,Sometimes movie that instills hope when it is hard and hard...
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's a movie that doesn't get less touching even if you watch it again and again and again
10,Towards your dream
10,Freedom and hope...
9,a hunger for freedom
10,I am grateful that there is a movie like this.
1,I don't know what's funny about this.
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie that makes you feel overwhelmed
10,My favorite movie.
10,I can't get enough of it
10,I recommend you watch it several times. Top
10,To finally see this masterpiece... There's no need for words. You're the best.
10,10 is the best!
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. It's really the best!
10,I think I've seen it 10 times
10,Precious enlightenment! Hope is always a good thing. Let's not lose hope!
9,A production that captures both commercial and artistic quality. Shawshank may actually be our life
10,It is the best movie with both touching and teaching. It is not enough to write in 40 letters. I am really impressed
10,a never-boring movie from beginning to end
10,a good movie
8,A representative example of a movie made 20 years ago that is better than a movie made today
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,Cutie pie
10,the best five
10,Freedom... the deepest realization of the true meaning in a short period of time
10,Wow!
10,It's really fun. If you don't watch this...
10,A movie that I want to watch 10 more times!
10,Will there be any more great movies? A miraculous movie that contains everything in life!
10,The Movie of the Movie
10,It's so much fun
10,Only people who don't understand the movie say it's boring -_- It's really fun
10,One of the top 10 movies that I'd like my kids to watch
10,Top
10,It's really the best.
1,This is a movie wrapped up by a bunch of pretentious people who think they're a movie experts
10,It's an amazing movie
10,a masterpiece without words
10,A really well-made movie
10,It's the best movie of my life. I think I've seen it ten times.
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things never go away.
10,Why did I watch it now? I'm so touchedcrying
10,I want to live this kind of life...It's really cool. It's the best movie
10,A masterpiece that loses hope wherever you are masterpieces
9,Oh... what a great movie lol
10,A movie that makes you grow up
9,Good
10,Red is so cool! The best movie of my life!
10,It became a ray of light for me who always complained about my work.
10,A masterpiece
9,A really interesting movie.
10,the best movie
10,This is fun.
10,It's a great movie
10,I just got out of Shawshank.But now it's a new start in my life!
10,I couldn't take my eyes off the endings until they went up.The best movie...Why did I watch it now?
10,Why is this behind Gump?
10,I felt skeptical about the endings to end
9,an infinite appreciation for being able to
10,Fantastic force the morning after escape! It's not someone who's been in prison for 19 years!
10,One person who watched it about 10 times...It's really worth seeing as!
9,I felt grateful to live as a human being.
10,Refreshing
10,You don't have to tell me what's good
10,You're always the best
10,I saw it at school... It was fun...Yes
10,I'm happy to see a masterpiece even though it's late
10,The movie that made me realize the value of money and freedom
10,You're the best
10,It's fun
10,One of the best masterpieces of my life
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
10,A movie that looks back on life...
1,I don't like it
10,A masterpiece!
10,The second half of the story is exhilarating.
10,A movie that I want to watch again in a year.The movie that I have to watch again...
9,It's growing...
10,The best movie of my life... He's quiet... Just look...
10,I think it's a great movie It's so touching...Morgan Freeman's acting is amazing
8,It's fun to watch it many times. The last scene is touching
10,It's... it's... it's the best!
10,Really... I miss you every time I see you
10,It's a good movie where you can feel the emotions and fun
10,I want to say that you're the best.
10,The best movie
10,The best... the best movie ever
10,Inseng learns the duty to live with the word hope
10,There are few movies that I gave out 10 points...
10,I can't believe you buried me.
10,There's no time to be bored with masterpieces
10,It's just amazing. I mean it. You have to see it at least once in your life. A movie you'll regret if you don't watch it
10,It's kind of fun
10,What else do you need? I'm just sad that I can't choose more than 10 points.
10,Andy showed the light of the world where even a faint hope does not exist!
10,This is really a legend now...No further comment is needed. It's just a four-legged race
10,A movie that moves me every time I watch it
10,It's just... There's no need to say. I watch movies whenever I can
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,an impression beyond description
5,It wasn't as obvious as I expected
10,It's the best movie. I think 8 points is the most studied movieI really don't understand.You live for your own good.
10,Why have I seen such a masterpiece now?
10,Why did I watch it now? There's just a reason why it's called a masterpiece.
10,It's fun
10,needless words
10,It's so much fun
10,A masterpiece... A new feeling even when I watch it again.
10,Good! Totally unexpected
10,One of the few movies that's fun to watch
10,You're the best. You just have to watch it
10,The best movie of my life with Titanic...
10,It's just the best
10,It was just the best movie production that stopped me from remembering.
10,It's a movie where you can feel the love you have with your friend beyond your loyalty. It's the best
10,Do you need any further explanation?It's the best!
10,The ending scene that I saw in the theater was the most touching scene that I can't forgetthe best movie ever
9,A masterpiece... a great movie
10,Top.
10,Good
10,I want to compliment myself for watching this movie The best! The best! The best
10,I'm so touched
1,Tim Robbins' performance was so impressive. 3 The background music in the middle of the movie was so good. 3 The score was 1 point
10,No more words needed
10,A classic movie! It's so touching.
10,Good
10,The movie starts with Shawshank Escape and ends with Shawshank Escape.
10,A movie that's always fun to watch. That's why it's a masterpiece.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,the best movie
10,It's always touching. I think I've seen it 15 times
10,I don't get tired of watching it many times and it's fun
10,The best movie ever!
10,Great
10,If only I hadn't met Forest Gump. an unfortunate masterpiece
10,It's one of the best movies in the five masterpieces! A conceptual film that shows how precious freedom is!
10,I want to participate in raising my GPA.Freedom is...
10,It's the best.
10,What more do you need to say? One of the greatest masterpieces...
10,The best movie of my life... ...I don't think there's going to be a better movie.
10,There's no needless words!
10,It's one of the top 10 movies in my life
10,It's so touching
10,10 points for this or 10 points for what?
10,This has to be number one...
10,Top
10,A success story that is not tacky. It was a masterpiece for no reason
10,The touching part of the last scene is...It's the best...
10,It's a masterpiece for no reason...!
10,This is the real masterpiece!
10,He's so...
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,All I can say is that it was really fun Good
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's a masterpiece. It's the best.
10,It's a movie worth watching!
10,All I can say is that you're the best.
10,Two hours and 20 minutes is not boring at all and I like everything. This is really the best.
10,Top
10,You're the best!
10,It's my first time seeing it. It's really the best!
10,It's like I found light in the dark. Hope and freedom. an instructive film
10,A movie that rethought about 'Freedom'
10,Thank you.
10,You're the best!
10,It's a movie that shows that there's no total crime
10,It's worth keeping 1st place in IMDB
10,Amazing!!!! A movie that can only be 10 points
10,What else do I need to say? Just watch it
8,There's something that doesn't make sense. But a good movie...
10,The best movie to remember in my life...
8,It's worth seeing
10,It's fun without saying anything
10,One of the five self-rated 10/10 movies!
10,It's a movie that touches me no matter how many times I watch it. It's a masterpiece
10,It's my first time to review 40 letters after watching a movie.m. movie. It makes my heart warm
10,A movie that touches and interests you no matter how many times you watch it
10,It's a masterpiece.I can't believe I'm finally seeing this. It's touching at the end.
10,It's the best.
10,I've got hope.
10,[Screaming]
10,I can't believe I just saw this
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,You're the best!
10,No need for words
10,razor
10,This movie is not enough to give 11 points...
10,It is a movie that lacks 10 points.
10,You should give me 10 points for a piece like this!
10,The best!
10,I want to analyze the mental state of the kids who get 1 point.
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece for no reason.
10,I'm sad. I know the joy of life
10,an unquestionable masterpiece
10,standing ovation
10,I thought it would be fun
10,It's a movie that makes you get 10 points. I strongly recommend it
10,I watched it again recently and it's still fun.
10,The movie 16 years ago is an incredible masterpiece.10 stars is not a waste.
10,The best...
10,Touching.
10,The story that flows naturally like a stream and the emotions that hit my mind countless times
10,That's the best. There's a reason for this high score.
10,You need the ability to survive anywhere
10,People live on hope.
10,Hope is God's greatest gift to man
10,It's one of the best masterpieces.
10,The best movie of my life with three idiots. A movie that can give 200 points out of 100
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,Freedom and hope! The yearning for brilliance
10,The best...
6,A film wrapped up by a bunch of overrated film magazines who think they're film experts
9,I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece!
10,This is really a masterpiece! It is a movie that I want to recommend to people.
10,a film lacking in any praise
10,It's really well madea solid movie
10,Top
10,It's the best.
10,I want to give 100 points
5,I guess it's not a good movie for me.
10,Eww
10,It's hard to express. It's hard to express
10,Good!
10,It's better to see it in person than to express it. That sounds wonderful.
10,Log in for the first time and leave a rating.
10,The last scene of the blue sea was really impressive. It's the best
10,cool
10,To experience true freedom.
10,You're the best!
10,I felt that this was a movie...
10,This is the ↗ movie
10,This movie is really... I want to say it's a masterpiece
10,I was in despair because I didn't get accepted. I saw this today when it was confirmed that I would be on time.Timing good
9,miss a perfect score due to differences in circumstances
10,This is the best movie ever
10,This is the movie
10,I think this movie is very meaningful.  It is a very moving and hopeful movie.
1,It's a bit
1,I slept while watching it. I'm bored
10,It was like a movie.
10,I see why it's a masterpiece.
10,I'surely
10,A movie that lost track of time.
10,Truth
10,I'm touched at the end
10,I can't forget the movie that I was able to experience a lot
10,Why did I finally see this movie?
9,This is what touching means.
10,I can't get enough of it.
10,It's so much fun
10,Just look
10,I hope there is hope for everything
10,No more words needed "great movie~~~~~~~~~"
10,the best movie
10,It's a hell of a lot of fun
10,A movie that deserves 5 stars
1,Not good
10,a wordless film Just look.
10,A movie with a long lingering effectively. It's a masterpiece.
10,It's a masterpiece that teaches us a wonderful lesson that hope is a good thing
10,I wonder why I watched it now. B.O.B ever
10,It's good
10,It must be a masterpiece
7,I think this movie is overrated. Seven points are appropriate.
10,There is a reason why people call it a masterpiece.
10,snatched
10,Spring hope. Everything about hope.
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,It's a movie that makes you log in. It's awesome
10,Shut up and I strongly recommend it!
10, be moved
10,I think Morgan Freeman's performance is great
10,Why haven't I seen a movie like this before? That's a great movie!
8,It's a good movie. Every line is really touching
10,I couldn't take my eyes off the contents without any special CG
10,This is a masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,That's so cool.
10,Top
10,It's like the last movie
10,It's so cool
10,I can relate to the last line. It's my first time rating.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece that makes me ashamed to watch this movie now
10,A movie that sheds tears at the end of the movie with unknown emotions and emotions...
10,Who gave you 8 points? Why is the score 9.32... This must be 10 points!
10,There's no need for words. Just look
10,All I could say was that he was cool
10,It's the best
10,This is a real masterpiece. I can't get enough of it even after watching it dozens of times.
10,It's a movie that makes life so valuable!
10,How many times have I seen you?
10,It's a great masterpiece. What kind of movie did the people who gave this low rating watch?
10,Wow... I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Wow...
10,It's a masterpiece that I can't get enough of.Really...
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,Totally... the best. I can see why the best people are making masterpieces
10,Anyone can tell it's a masterpiece...
10,Don't you just need no words for this?It's perfect
10,It's fun
10,It's nice... It's really nice
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch
10,Wow...
10,The movie that made Morgan Freeman know.
10,The best of my life...Freedom is so precious
10,What a wonderful movie... ...I like the composition of the monologue
10,I'm glad I saw you now.
10,It's really good
10,I thought you were going to report me if I said good
10,Good
10,It's a masterpiece movie with every single scene and every single line
10,This movie will go down in history.
10,Do you need words?
10,It's okay
10,I didn't fall for NAVER's movie ratings!It's really fun
10,It is really a good movie.It's good.
10,A movie that corrects people...
10,I regret watching this now. I should've seen it earlier.
10,It's a movie that I'll remember for the rest of my life
10,A movie that you can't get tired of watching five times
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a great masterpiece.
10,It makes me want to have a warm talk with someone after watching it.
10,It's really the best
10,I wish I had friends like that I'm so happy to see it all
10,Who on earth doesn't give a rating of 10 for a movie like this?
10,The most touching movie in my life will be the day of judgment soon
10,Sing Hope
10,It's the best even when I look at it again.
10,What words are needed? This movie is the first movie to remind me of the meaning of warden
10,This is the best...
10,This is... the best...Hah!
10,Truth
10,Escape from Shawshank
10,It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that I really love
10,for the first time in one's
10,I was out of my mind
10,The last scene on the beach is the best scene
10,Hope...
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,Masterpieces are different... A movie that made me think a lot
10,Hope... My heart is shaking
10,It's always the best... It's a movie that brings the emotions and fun to the climax
10,The movie I watch every time they do it for me on TV
10,I can't judge a movie like this with my own mouth.
10,The process is more fun than escape!
10,I watched the introduction of my friend. One of the most memorable movies.
10,The last scene is the scene I really wanted to see. Every word is a famous line.
10,That's the best movie I've ever seen*^^*!! !
10,I'm either busy or...I'll die busily
10,the best movie of my life
10,It is a masterpiece that is interesting even if you watch it more than 10 times
10,Tim Robbins' performance and the scene of his last encounter with Morgan are never forgotten.
10,To clear oneself of an unjust charge and to freedom
10,I am grateful that such a film exists
10,This is a movie
10,The Tree of Liberty feeds on the blood of dictators and patriots- Thomas Jefferson
10,a masterpiece that will go down in film history A reminder of what freedom is
10,It's a great movie.
10,Download http://filedaun.com/?link=k12aaa&gtran=12&keyword=Show Shank Escape
10,What do I need to say?
9,The thing that needs to be achieved at least at the cost of it!!!!  "Freedom"
9,a movie that you can't get tired of watching again
10,Specifications that you can open right now!
9,Rethinking freedom we take for granted in prison
9,The Pacific was greener than Red's imagination.
8,It was impressive but disappointing compared to the score and expectations
10,I think I must watch this movie.
10,Top
10,I watched it belatedly and I think I know why IMDb chose this movie as the best.
10,a film that makes one feel hopefulness
10,I don't need words. It's the best movie ever!
10,You must see it
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,You're the best
10,Movies that have nothing to give other than 10
10,"Hope"
9,The movie that I remember for a long time...
10,A movie that gives you a lot of thoughts and answers every time you watch it
10,It's the best masterpiece that makes you think a touching masterpiece!
9,The twist is pretty funny
10,It's a movie that really doesn't need words.Tell me the meaning of life again.
10,the best movie of one's life
10,Top
10,What do you need to say?
10,It's the best... There's no need to say...
10,I've seen it more than 7 times
10,It's a really funny movie. It's not funnyI don't know how to watch movies
10,It's my first time getting a rating. It's the best!
10,It's just the best.
10,jackpot
10,It's so touching.
10,A movie that I enjoyed watching
10,I can't stop being immersed
9,It's fun
10,ANDY DUE FRAIN
10,The professor of the second-class movie was also the best You're the best
10,Both touching and fun. The best movie of my life
10,I admired Duprein's brain.
10,a perfect movie
10,Good
10,It's such an amazing movie.It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I look at it.Really!!
10,It's the best.
10,It's fun even after 16 years
10,A movie that moves me every time I watch it!b
10,Top
10,Good
10,Perfection
10,The best masterpiece that you can't get enough of!
10,Which OO's are going to lower their GPA? This is the masterpiece that will remain in the century
10,Why did I see this now?
10,No words needed 2
10,There is no need for words.
10,It's a masterpiece. As expected
10,It's the best.
10,...............I like this kind of movie
10,The best movie I can't really say
10,How can a movie these days be worse than this one made in 1995...
10,The content is good. a movie worth watching
10,The best! Fun...Touching... Masterpiece!
10,It's a human victory
10,Top.
9,Under no circumstances should the string of hope be released. There is hope outside the bars.
10,Don't you think it's a movie when you make this much?
10,A really good movie
10,There's no need for words.
10,I can't believe it.
10,The exhilaration of reaching freedom was indescribable to me.
9,a masterpiece without words
10,It's just... a masterpiece!
10,The best movie I've ever seen with Cinema Heaven
10,This is a masterpiece!
10,A movie that feels new even if you watch it more than twice
10,It's a real movie.
10,One of the most representative films in Hollywood history that has outpaced the original.
10,Wow!
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece over time.
10,This is a movie...
10,You're the best
10,All I can say is that it'sHah!
10,the best movie of my life
10,All configurations are perfect
10,The reason for those who gave low grades is because they're bored?
10,Top
10,The film captures all the hardships and hopes of life.I want to live my life worthwhile
10,Good
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you wonder if there's a movie like this in the history of movies
10,What a masterpiece!
10,Is 5 stars the maximum? I want to give you about 50...It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece. No words needed.lol
10,It's so awesome
10,Two hours without boredom. An unexpected twist and heartburn after seeing it all.
10,It is fully understandable that IMDB is the No. 1 star rating. A good movie to watch many times.
10,You're a part-timer? I wonder if that's the right word
10,I'm so touched by Morgan Freeman!
10,That's the best
10,This is amazing LOL
10,It's a good movie. It's a movie that makes you realize a lot of things
10,I was so touched
10,Don't look at number one and say it.The best movie that is fun no matter how many times I watch it!
10,I've seen you more than five times
10,a film that leaves a lingering impression of hope
10,This movie is the best Youngho. It was fun even when I watched it again
10,It's a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,More than the best...
10,The best movie in my life. Seriously
1,100 times disappointment
10,That's the best
9,It's kind of meaningful. It's a great movie.
1,Part-time jobs are in full swing.
10,I was impressed.
10,...........moving
10,The Best Escape Movie
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,jackpot
10,This movie is a personal god. I can't believe this isn't number one yet
10,My heart is still pounding. A movie that anyone who likes movies must watch.
10,It's giving us good lessons and meaning I recommend it!
10,Don't you know I don't need words?
10,The best! The best!
10,Do you need words? It's the best
10,I really enjoyed it A really well-made movie!
10,There is no objection to a masterpiece.  I was very impressed
10,I saw it on TV. Yes.
10,It's the best. It's a movie that I fell in love with. It's a masterpiece for no reason
10,A movie that was warm and cold
1,I need to raise you upTooth
1,Prison Break Plagiarism Movie
10,Great job. The casting was good and the story was new.  ^^↓ I saw the person down there today and he's the best
10,I just saw it.Really... The best...
10,Go to Chi! Go!
10,You're the best!
10,You're the best!
10,The best movie of my life!Good!
10,I watched the movie about five times
10,There is no better movie than this
10,My heart is asleep.
10,[Screaming]
10,There is no masterpiece like this
10,The movie made in 1995...A masterpiece that won't change in 2005 or 3005.
10,What are the poor guys who scored 1 point?
10,Touching.
10,This is why you shouldn't pick up soap in prison.
10,It's the best production with both box office and cinematography.
10,a heart-warming freedom
10,The best movie of my life!
10,No matter how many times I look at it...
10,What words are needed.
10,A big movie that doesn't require words.
10,a struggle for freedom How can such a movie come out?
10,The best of the best. It's so touching.
9,The ending is the best Haha
10,Just good
10,This was the first movie I wanted to leave a star behind.
10,The best. Words are needed
10,A masterpiece. A masterpiece
10,It's the best movie. I can still feel that emotion even if I watch it many times
7,I'm a little disappointed because I had high expectations. I only remember Morgan Freeman's performance. (Sound of laughter)
10,A movie that I can't help but give 5 points
10,No matter how many times I see it - masterpiece
10,This is what a movie is...
10,This is how movies should be made!
10,needless words
10,That's the best
10,It's a movie that shows what life really is
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this masterpiece. It's a masterpiece for no reason!
10,Don't try to log in
10,I really want to kill the surplus sherry down there. I can't believe you're trying to get down without looking at this masterpiece's rating
10,the best film
10,It's really a great movie
1,Shaw Saint-Evy
1,Never seen.
1,Leon needs to take back second place
10,Wow... It is the best movie of my life. I felt a lot of things
10,The best movie...
10,The best movie ever!
10,College students live to watch movies before school starts.
10,The best movie of my life...I can't stop crying.
10,This is the real movie.
10,A series of touching moments!
10,Oh my god
10,I'm touched
10,It's a movie worth keeping
10,Top
4,Was I the only one who didn't have fun - overall I was so bored that I was dozing off;;
10,Good
10,This is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,Next to my favorite Leon...
10,Duprein is so cool haha
10,The best masterpiece!
10,The best of the best
10,It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the best movie of my life.
10,after ten years;
10,The last beach
10,It's the best
10,It'll take 800 years to break through the wall with that stone hammer. - Ray.   There is no need for words. Take a look
10,one of the life-long Blu-ray collections
9,a masterpiece that captures both fun and touching moments. It's really fun and touching
10,One of the few movies that I've watched more than five times and teach me a lesson every time I watch it.
10,A movie that I didn't watch because of the prejudice that I would have seen a long time ago.I saw hope. I love it
10,I don't need any more words. The best...
10,It's out of 10
8,a good movie
10,The immersion level is the best...I think it's the best considering it's been 95 years.
10,It's fun. It's refreshing but after watching it
7,I didn't really enjoy it. It was just like that
10,This is a real masterpiece
10,Why did you tell me not to watch this kind of movie until now? It's kind of... It'
1,What's up with Johann?
10,It's the best!
10,I want to give the best movie of my life a perfect score
10,I'll see you again and again and again and again
10,Watching this movie makes me want to live my life
10,It's the best... I really like the movie with a warm ending.
10,A really great movie
10,I love Shawshank Escape every time I see it. I guess this is a masterpiece.
10,It's nice to see you again and again. All right.
10,What's with the person who gave a rating of 1 below? People like that make life less expensive.
1,I'm going crazy. I can't take it anymore
9,I can't forget the scene of Mozart reverberating in prison
10,a noble man
10,It's a masterpiece
10,How is this 9.31? 10.0?
10,The movie I watched 10 times more watched
10,I'm going to watch it from the middle of the channel. I don't want to turn it off because of time. A couple of times.
10,a very tense film
10,yes
10,jackpot
10,The best!
10,I just saw everything. This movie is the best movie of my life.
10,It's a textbook for prison escape movies. The message of hope was also excellent.
9,You have to give it to me
10,I can't express this emotion in the language I know
10,A movie that won't be forgotten for a few days
9,A movie that you'll remember for a long time
10,I can't believe I haven't seen this yet. It's crazy.
10,a movie to watch before it's gone
10,He who does not give up will have another wonderful world.Great movie!
10,A movie that I watch over and over again. Every time I watch a new movie...
10,A movie you must watch before you die!
10,There's no need for words.
10,I was born in 1995. But it was the best movie
10,That's awesome
10,I can assure you that it is the best movie.
10,That's nice
10,It's really "King of King". This is the movie
10,The movie that will be remembered in my life!
10,a deep performance from a famous actor
10,It's a movie where you watch and watch again and again and again and again and again and again
10,Shawshank is my life
10,a masterpiece without words
10,It's the best even when I look at it again
10,The best movie ever
10,It's the best I've ever seen. I want to see it again.
10,I think all the upcoming movies will look boring
9,It's a touching song with a calm atmosphere. I like the taste of actors acting.
10,Top.
1,Come down
10,It's an indispensable treasure for me.
10,The movie that I really enjoyed...
10,I like first-person observer movies with narration.
10,I regret seeing such a masterpiece now. It's the best
10,Make sure to watch the movie in the top 10 Naver ratings. You won't regret it. Why did I watch it now?
10,It's a weird movie that the rating isn't out of 10
10,the best movie of my life
10,Dreaming of freedom
10,It's a great movie
10,It's touching and lingering for a lot of time
10,A masterpiece that taught us what true hope and freedom are.
10,A true masterpiece with a message of hope for the future.It's a perfect score! Make sure to watch it!
10,I will not lose hope.
10,It's weird that it's not a 10/10 rating
1,Isn't the rating too high? I don't think it was that good.
10,If you could create a small oasis hole in any situation of despair.
10,Why isn't it a perfect score? This movie is not boring even if you watch it 10 times
9,He's as famous as he is. It's a bit disappointing. L
10,Wow!
10,It's a movie that was 15 years ago... You made it well.
10,It's thrilling no matter how many times I see it
10,The best masterpiece that deserves 100000000000 points
10,Oh... It's different from Prison Break
10,I have nothing to say. Amazing
10,Why is it not a perfect score?
10,a film with at least nine points
10,This is a very interesting heroine even though I watched it many times. Best movie I've ever seen
10,Nothing to say. You're the best
10,ᄍIt's so short
10,I searched for the best movie because I suddenly remembered it today.
10,a movie that I happened to see and fell in love with
10,It's so touching.
10,It's fun
10,Just looking at the poster makes me cry
10,This is
10,It informed the existence of hope hidden in despair. It's a true masterpiece of the age.
10,Isn't it funny to give a score...All I can think of is a great movie.
10,The best movie that touches my heart. The best thing that ever made me smile.
10,It's no joke. You have to watch it.
1,It wasn't the best
10,Top
10,It's the best masterpiece
10,This is called a masterpiece!
10,It's a touching story with new life hope
10,Why did I watch this now? It's the best
10,The best movie
10,I've been watching this.
10,Now... I think I've seen it about 30 times... it's the best...
10,Good
10,a deep impression beyond words
10,snatched
10,It's a movie that damages the freedom expressed as soon as you evaluate it with words
10,That's awesome
10,It's touching. It's a masterpiece.It's the best... I sat for a long time after the movie.That's cool...
10,The best movie ever! Why did I watch it now?^^
10,the best movie
9,a hopeful movie
10,It's the perfect ending I want.
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's a movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,A good movie that gives meaning to life
10,I can't believe I've seen such a masterpiece now
10,I always watch the best movie on TV
10,Wow!
10,I also watched it as a recommendation. It's a masterpiece!
10,It was fun even though I knew the ending. How fun would it have been if I didn't know?
10,It was so much fun and especially the song was touching
9,a movie worth watching
10,It's the best LOL
10,It's fun
10,You can't give up your life
10,It's no joke...;; L
10,It is the best. I like this kind of movie. I could feel about life
10,Just freedom
10,Impression of freedom...
10,I've seen this before. I came here to recommend ^^ the main character and his grandfatherIt was touching
10,the importance of freedom
10,Good
10,The movie that lingered for a long time was touching.
10,A famous movie that I always remember... A movie that I must watch
10,What a moving movie!
10,A movie that makes me get goosebumps just thinking about it.
10,It's not a movie that can be evaluated in 40 letters. It's art itself
10,I want to give him 20 points. This is what a true masterpiece is.
10,The best masterpiece!
10,What I gained after watching this movie is 'Hope'. Thank you.
10,Good
10,The movie that I liked more because it was a happy ending! It's so much fun. I think it's a must-see movie
10,It was a great movie... Morgan Freeman's acting is... Wow
10,It's totally fun! The best movie
10,The best movie of my life so far...
10,It's the best.
1,Fun
10,You're the best
1,One person who hasn't seen a prison movie since Papillon
1,Just.
10,a film of hope
10,It's good even if you look at it again
10,I don't like it
10,That's awesome.
10,It's a movie that I fall in love with every time I watch it. It's the best.
10,the best movie
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,a legendary film that needs no need for words
10,needless words
10,What should I say? This movie? lol
10,I watched it 10 times
10,It's just the best
10,I'm really touched...
10,Cheo-Go is the best. The best
10,Mysterious tranquility... I feel it every time I see it.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,Legend
10,The best feeling I can never feel again!
10,The poster reminds me of that moment
10,the best movie without words
10,It's the number one movie in my heart.
10,the best movie
10,Just everything is a perfect movie. a movie that is always talked about
10,The last twist is the best!
10,The best in the movie world
10,Five stars is not enough...
10,The satisfied expression of the main character drinking beer on a hot summer day...
10,I don't get tired of it no matter how many times I look at it. Shawshank is awesome!
10,I don't know how many times I've seen this
10,The best movie that empowers my life whenever I'm tired
10,A movie that's fun no matter what's fun to watch!
10,Take a look at it'Don't listen to me
10,No matter what anyone says... The best movie...
10,The movie I've seen the most in my life. I can't help but watch it again
10,Top
10,It's really the best movie ever! I don't know if I can see this kind of movie again
10,You're the best!
10,There's no need for words.
10,I think it's the best movie ever.The work of geniuses!
10,It was fun even though I watched it several times. You're the best!
10,the best movie
10,You won't be able to feel this deep emotion any more.
10,1 person who watched it more than 10 times but still doesn't realize the meaning of some lines so I keep watching..L
10,Only the person who saw it can know. I saw it five times right now and it's continuously touching
10,I dare say it's the best movie.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,I like it's good
10,It's really the best
10,It's a fun movie even if you watch it again
10,I watch it again and again
10,It's a movie that makes you think about life again seriously. I think it's the best marquis ever!
10,Good
10,He gave me a new perspective on prison
10,Recommended as a movie of my life
10,It was so much fun that I didn't know how many times I watched it.
10,It's a movie that you can't let go of your nervousness
10,It's the best.
10,Wow ♡
10,a jam-packed movie
10,I've watched it 30 times more. It's the best...
10,I got goosebumps. It's the best
10,I got goosebumps. To the point where I regret seeing it today.
10,It's the best...
10,A movie that came in when I was young. I regret watching it now
10,A masterpiece is the only explanation
10,the greatest work of my lifeA movie that touches my heart dozens of times.
10,It's nice
10,It's really fun. Don't talk about it unless you see it
10,It's really the best movie
10,Isn't it a masterpiece?
10,It's a masterpiece. It's the best.
10,You're the best!
10,I enjoyed watching it I think it's touching and expressed well
10,the best movie of all time
10,It's so much fun
10,The best movie of my life!
1,Look at the multicellular girl
10,Marvelous.
10,People who have suicidal thoughts should watch this movie
10,The best movie ever
10,The best movie ever.
10,It's the best
10,Best movie ever...A movie that renews the value of life every time I watch it
10,Perfect.
10,I want to brag about this movie
10,I feel sorry for the people who haven't seen this movie yet
10,It's a masterpiece...
10,In a famous movie...I feel bad because OOO1 left a bad comment
10,There's no room to lose points
10,A moving movie that conveys a message of hope~ euesless say. Just watch it.
10,a masterpiece film
10,Shawshank... There is no movie after that.
10,It's the best movie that's not worth talking about anymore.
10,Top
10,All thinking creatures feed on hope!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It's a solid composition and...Story!!! A movie that will learn a lesson!!
10,The movie is touching even though I knew the plot in advance.희망Hope ♥
10,The amazing thing is that the page in the Bible with the rock hammer is EXODUS
9,It was the best movie that made me think about real human life.
10,There's no need for words
10,I still remember...
10,Okay.
10,It's a great movie
8,a sound of g and g
10,It's really the best. Pick your favorite movie anywhere.
10,I think you've seen it three or four times. I read the original novel several times.
10,The best movie...
10,Top
10,Why did I watch it late?
10,Why did I watch it now?
10,Beautiful movie!
10,It's amazing
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,Leave a lingering impression and give a gentle impression
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's the best! The last one is Jinja. So touching
10,You're the best!
10,My favorite movie
10,Tim Robbins finally escaped and howled in the rain will never be forgotten.
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's the best masterpiece! A must-see movie before you die
10,I think I watched it 10 times more
10,It allowed me to change my mind about life
10,I don't remember how many times I watched it
10,It's the best
10,Movie that I want to watch again and again
10,You're really incredible.10 points is not enough...I want to give this movie a double score of 20 points.
10,Wow!
10,It's the best movie you can't keep up with
8,a good movie
10,jackpot
10,You're the best!
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Makes me feel the importance of freedom
10,This is a movie that you should watch after your GPA. Not a movie that you should watch
10,a delightful and moving film
10,I joined the membership to give a rating. Really... I think it will be the best movie in my life.
10,I look at it again and again
10,Freedom
10,The best. Freedom and hope...It's in my heart. And making it happen.
10,It's a real masterpiece.It's the best movie with twists and impressions ^^
10,It really stands out
10,Hope
10,This is the real movie
10,It's a masterpiece.
8,I liked it
8,It gives us a brilliant outlook on life and hope.
10,No words needed
10,A masterpiece
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 100 times or 1000 times! It's the best!
10,It's the best! crying
10,It's not easy to make a movie like this that makes my heart flutter even when I look at the words on the poster storage.
10,The best masterpiece of all masterpieces...! A movie that I always fall in love with.
10,a renaming work
10,Thank you
10,The best movie of my life
10,I don't like the shoes next to me
10,the most touching movie
10,The best escape movie of my life!
10,You're the best!
10,The best movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,What more words are needed?
10,It's so touching.
10,Writer genius!
10,There's no needless words!
10,I got goosebumps.  I'm going to take it out and play it together.
10,I've watched it more than 20 times. It's a movie that touches my heart every time
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,It will be hard to meet a movie that touches me like this again
10,It's a touching movie
10,An Immortal Masterpiece!
9,A movie that I still remember vividly
10,Jeil1392 // Guess he's the one who's gasping for gold.
1,It's a very backward movie
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,The scene of the spoon digging and poster is a masterpiece that the media copied
10,You're the best!
9,Famous movies have a reason.
10,A true masterpiece is an interesting movie even if you watch it 10 years later. Shawshank Escape is a masterpiece
10,The joy of those who watch till the end...Wow...lol
10,the best movie in the world
10,This is the best movie of my life. The worst movie is Clementine
10,I'm still touched
10,The preciousness of freedom.The fear of being tamed.
10,That's heartwarming
10,Why does it make no sense that this movie is over 9?
10,That's why I'm interested in Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman
10,I'll give you 10 points for some crazy OOHI
1,There's something left
10,It's fun.
1,It doesn't make sense to have a rating above nine
10,No words needed
10,It's a moving movie no matter how many times I watch it
1,The rating is too high...
10,The most touching movie that you can't get enough of
10,BEST OF BEST
10,The greatest movie of my life. I will never forget the hope and freedom Andy presents.
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,There is absolutely no argument.
9,That's awesome...
10,A movie that touches my heart no matter how many times I watch it.
10,Hope...
10,My dad and I were amazed by the movie
10,I can see why people say it's a masterpiece. The best movie ever!
10,It was a great movie Hah!
7,Somehow
10,the greatest masterpiece of all time
10,the best movie of my life
10,10 points
10,a good piece of work
10,The best movie ever!
10,Great movie 10
10,Every time I watch a new movie
10,a chilling movie
10,It's fun
10,The best movie of my life
10,What a great movie!
10,How many times did I watch it?A masterpiece among masterpieces
10,You're the best!
10,the best five
10,It's so nice
10,This is what a movie is. 10 points!
10,The best movie that makes you use your imagination like reading a book even though it's a movie
10,It's a movie that makes me feel emotional
10,Flower756/ My first friend... Are you an elementary school student?
10,It's touching even now.
10,I don't need to say anything. It'd be amazing if you took out the filming techniques
9,Being bored in the beginning is my weakness.
10,I like it's good
1,a sleeping pill movie
10,The fourth movie I watch...
10,Their friendship...It didn't break off!
10,Pocv7845 where are you?
10,The person who hasn't seen this movie is probably an elementary school student. This movie will help you a lot in your life.
1,a movie that suits one point
10,The best movie of my life. It's not boring no matter how many times I watch it LOL
10,A wonderful story that has been branded in my head since I first saw it as a child
10,It's the best movie that you can fall in love with even if you're not a movie maniac
10,You either live a busy life or... I'll be busy dying...
10,This is the only movie I've seen more than 5 times in my life
10,The best...
10,I don't know why I saw such a masterpiece now. It makes me think again...  Everything
10,Freedom and hope in itself...I don't get bored no matter how many times I watch it...
10,It's new and interesting to watch it three times
10,The best...
10,Morgan Freeman's acting is kind of moody and good
10,I think I've seen this movie 20 times so far. It's a very interesting movie even if you watch it again
10,My music teacher showed me at school. I saw it but didn't... It was fun...
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,It's the best movie ever again
10,jackpot.
10,Great and great movie~~ I highly recommend it's a great movie!
10,You scared me!
10,A movie that remains in my memory for a long time
10,When can I see a movie like this again?
8,It didn't hit me because I knew the ending scene.
10,The best movie of my life that I don't even remember how many times I watched it
10,I couldn't help but cry in the last scene.
10,Is there a more appropriate word than the best movie?
10,This is the best movie of my life. I haven't seen anything better yet
10,a good movie
10,I feel really pathetic because I only saw the beginning of a masterpiece with everything in it and felt bored
10,The ending part is touching. It's a masterpiece.
10,The best. Happy ending movie
10,I have nothing to say. There are people who watch the movie that they will regret if they don't watch it
10,I actually wanted to fail to escape
10,the best of the best
10,I hope... I hope it's blue and clean like the sea.I hope...
10,Perfection
10,It's the best movie ever on TV. It's all the work stops
10,It's just pathetic that I've only seen now There's no need for words. You're the best.
10,the best movie of my life
10,This is the best movie I've ever seen.
10,It's amazing how it touches you without provoking your tear glands
10,This is it
10,It's a great movie that can't be compared to any other movie
10,I'm touched.
10,No comparison with movies that are pushing ahead with computer graphics
10,It was so much fun!
10,A movie that changed the values of life. A movie that gives you strength when you're in hell
10,A masterpiece that even picky movie critics can't help but give 10 points to
10,A movie with a better story than a twist
10,There is hope. I will not give up.
9,This kind of movie is really!
10,Nam Joo's escape from prison is very thrilling and she made a great movie
9,Good
10,Really... People who haven't seen it don't know. A movie with a lot of enlightenment. It's a masterpiece
10,Once I thought it was a thrilling entertainment movie like Prison Break; Miruda saw it.Lesson: Touching
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life.
10,I strongly recommend it
10,Every word is cool. I think I have a lot to learn in life. I look back.
10,I feel like I'm being hit in the back of my head. I don't know how fun it
10,I really didn't know time went by. A refreshing twist!
10,See you at Jihwatanejo
10,What do I need to say?
10,It's just fun!
10,What kind of luck combined to create such a great movie?
10,There is literally no need for words.
10,jackpot
10,There's no need for words. Perfect
10,Is this a movie? It's a work of art.
10,Awesome... It's fun and touching to watch again.
10,Good
10,I'm so maniacal in OCN!
7,It was more fun than Prison Break
10,It's just... it's my values. The movie that showed the most important value is this.
10,The masterpiece of the masterpiece of a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,Elementary school kids didn't know the true side of this movie
10,It's so much fun
1,In what way is it a masterpiece?
10,The best!
9,It's a masterpiece. A movie that you won't regret
10,A masterpiece that can only be said to be awesome
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A movie that doesn't need words...A movie that shows that you should not lose hope even in despair
10,The best...
10,Maybe that's how we live.
10,It's always a great movie
10,It was the best movie... A movie that I want to watch again
10,There's a reason why it was in the masterpiece category...
10,Goosebumps when the credit goes up... Wow...
10,I regret seeing it now
10,It's the best. I don't think it was made in 1995
10,I'm touched even if I watch this 20 times
10,It's so touching. A movie that's good to watch again!
10,I don't need to say anything. Trust me! I don't need to say anything. Really. The main character is so cool
10,There's no need for words.
10,Just don't say anything
10,The best...
10,I don't need words.
10,an unforgettable masterpiece
10,A movie that you can't get enough of!
10,I'm sure there are a lot of people whose hearts are pounding after seeing this
10,a great movie LOL
10,Is there a cooler and more pleasant rain than the Shawshank Escape rain?
10,I like this the most
10,I like this the most. Jail and everything
10,Towards the hope of life
10,It's a valuable masterpiece that shows freshness that you've never seen before even though you've seen it three times.
10,A good movie
10,It's fun...
8,A good movie
1,Let's see the national team
10,I was really impressed the whole time.It's the best movie ever
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't get boring no matter how many times you watch it.
10,A movie that's fun to watch right now...
10,The best movie of my life with Schindler's List!
10,a moving movie
10,Why did I see it now?This masterpiece... It's the best
10,Good
10,I don't call a masterpiece a masterpiece for no reason...
10,Clean story development. And I was moved by his natural acting
10,I just saw the movie that I should have seen in 1994. The best movie everDo we have more stars?
10,I'm here to see the part-timer
10,It's the best. A movie that you must watch once in your life
10,It's a masterpiece. It's instructive.
10,Isn't it the best?
10,a film of a Bible
10,I'm so touched! The national team is inferior to the elements of this movie.
10,How can you compare National University and Shawshank?
10,I'd love to.
10,Top
10,It's an amazing movie. I don't know what modifier to use
10,I should've watched it before. It's so much fun!
10,The best! The best! The best!
10,It's so heart-warming
10,It's fun no matter how many times I see it
10,Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,A masterpiece that will be remembered even in the face of death!
10,Why are there so many part-timers on the national team?; The ending is so touching.^^
10,The last one is the best
9,The person who gives the national team 10 points is obsessed with cheap patriotism and has failed to evaluate objectively
10,They're not good at it
10,The movie that I watched when I was in elementary school... A movie that's good to watch now
10,It has been a heartwarming movie for a long time
10,I'm Park Jae-man
10,I'd like to thank the director for making this movie in the same era
10,I really don't like Gukdaeppa.
9,Just 9 points
10,I am overwhelmed with indescribable emotion.It's a movie that only needs to be said that it's the best
10,It's really the best...a movie I watched
10,It's a movie that makes you get a GPA. It's a touching hope.
10,It's a great movie!
10,Much more interesting than the national anthem
10,Kook-ppa is annoyed
10,the eradication of the national army
10,10 points to give strength to the part-timers. 1 point for the national team
10,It's really confusing. Are you guys intelligent anti or are you stupid?
1,the national team
1,I don't like it... The national team is much more fun
1,It is too high compared to the national anthem.Let's cut it
8,It was okay
10,It's the best.
10,Ordering Blu-ray book version. I'm looking forward to the best movie of my life. So far ^^
10,It was refreshing and touching and I thought that I should study hard =_=;;
10,The movie that I wished the movie would continue. The best movie ever
10,You're the best
10,By far the best movie!!!! All the part-timers who gave me 1 point
10,It was a masterpiece.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this kind of work
1,I don't like this movie.The best!
1,the national team
1,I'm from the national fan club
1,The national team is the best!
8,That's cool.
10,It's the best. The original Stephen King
10,It's the best movie ever^^
10,It's the best ever
10,A movie that gives hope
10,I don't think I need the best words. I learned a lot.
10,Hope... that word made me write another theory of my life. Hope...
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. I totally recommend it!
10,I vote for a movie that I don't get tired of even if I watch it again
10,I didn't watch the front part so I'm watching it again but I'm watching it again. I'll have to turn it'
10,Top
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 100 times
10,There's no need for words!
10,Best movie in my life. I sincerely hope so. I hope you watch this movie.
9,Freedom... Hmm...
10,The preciousness of knowledge and hope...It has paid off tremendously.
10,The best of the best
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it. Especially at the last reunion.
10,It's amazing that they picked it out with such an interesting subject. It's touching.
10,I'm so touched.
10,Don't you dare talk about this movie. The greatest work of my life filled with hope.
10,It's a movie that makes the word "reality" come true! HOPE CAN SET YOU FREE.
10,This is what a movie is like
10,You don't have to say it. Just feel it
3,I didn't like the main character's personality and there weren't many scenes to pick
10,It's the best. A great movie. This is called a masterpiece.
10,I liked the scene where the song came out the most.
10,Human victory! It's a shocking movie
10,It deserves to be called a masterpiece.
10,A masterpiece goes beyond the times... I can't say anything other than "the best"
10,The best movie ever. The movie I want to watch again
10,They say that you're the best
10,I don't know how many times I've seen it. But the best movie ever to stay tuned
10,I was really impressed.
10,I can only say that it's the bestIt's the best!
10,Movies that I watch whenever I'm bored
10,What's this touching feeling?
10,It's more than 20 times on TV. It's fun to watch it over 20 times
10,a good movie
10,I saw him for the first time last week when I was 22 years old. It's a lot of fun.
10,There's no need for words.It's the best!
10,It's so touching
8,They complimented me so much that I watched it. More than I thought... I should watch it one more time.
10,It was the first time I felt so happy after watching a movie
10,But I'm glad it's late I've never seen a masterpiece like this in my life.
10,A masterpiece I'll never see again in my life.
10,The composition is very detailed and interesting. You should watch it It deserves to be called a masterpiece.
10,It's really fun.A human story!
10,I'm so happy that I decorated my room. So I gave you 10 points
10,recapture the first place
10,Life is precious to everyone! The best scene on the beach!
8,It was fun.
10,It's not a movie. It's art
10,a precious movie
10,The best movie...The last Shawshank escape is unforgettable
10,A film that teaches the greatness of hope and the importance of freedom
10,a craving for freedom a resistance to absurdity
10,Good job
10,It's really Eunyeonghwa when I watched it alone
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie that doesn't deserve 100 stars
10,I watched a real movie now.
10,Best of the few movies you have!
1,Not good
10,It's awesome. It's always fun!
10,The best movie ever
10,This movie is really a masterpiece. You should really watch it
10,Really... Precious...It's a beautiful movie. It's a real masterpiece
10,I just saw it on OCN.You said it's a must-see movie in season 2 lol Ah.
10,I just saw it on OCN.It's amazing.Why did I watch such a masterpiece now?
10,Hope
10,I'm a free man on an endless journey
10,I can understand why it is a great movie.^^
10,That's a cool twist.
10,It's fun
10,Humans may have freedom to live with hope.
10,This is the movie
10,I can't explain it in words.
10,You're always the best
10,Perfection
10,How come it's so good even though it's a movie that came out a long time ago ^^
10,A movie that I've watched more than 10 times. It's really the best!
10,Wow!
10,I really lost track of time.Is there another movie like this?
10,the best movie of one's life
10,Every line in the movie was really memorable
10,Ah... one of the best masterpieces.
10,Top
10,There is no fault. This is what flawless means
10,It's a very solid movie. It's a masterpiece that shows that this is a real movie.
10,The original excavator was Count Montecristo.
10,No words needed
10,I'm touched. You're the best
10,I still remember the ending scene of Red and Duprein meeting at the beach at the end...^^
10,You can't forget the average. I think it's a great piece of work to look at again. Already 15 years ago...
10,You have to get 10 points!
9,Hope...
10,the first movie that impressed me
10,Fairy tales for adults?It's the same feeling
10,A movie that made me know what a movie is
10,Will I be able to watch a movie that will leave a strong impression and hope?
10,I hope this kind of movie comes out these days.
10,I cried
10,It's a masterpiece that will go down in history!
10,The screen and lines that make me immersed as if I were listening to music are still ringing in my ears
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,I'm just saying it's the best.
10,cool
10,This is the best movie in all genres! I highly recommend it!
10,For those who don't know if it's an old movie...Make sure to watch it. You will be touched by other movies.^^
10,The best...
10,It's the best!!!!
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie you must watch before you die...
10,a movie expressed in the word masterpiece
10,What's really important is a movie that won't be awkward even if it's released this year
10,I lost track of time and watched the movie
10,It's called Shawshank Escape and it's a masterpiece!
10,It's a little boring.But... It's fun...It's a masterpiece.
10,Top
10,cool
10,It's really a masterpiece.It's the best.
10,It makes me wonder why I watched it now. It's the best movie ever
10,Shawshank! With powerful eagle wings! be freed free!^
10,Lake Chiwatane
10,There is something very different from the Liberation Day envoy.Hah!
10,the best movie
10,I saw the plot of the movie. I watched a movie. And I'm going to evaluate the movie.
10,It's fun to watch it over and over again.
10,All I can say is that you're the best.
10,A movie I want to show my son to my grandson
10,I regret watching this movie today It's a masterpiece
10,Thrill? No action. There's no romance either. But the film has more than 10 points.
10,put off and put offI finally saw it. Why did I finally see it?crying
10,A work that can't be called a masterpiece.
10,It really shows what a twist is.I didn't even think about it.A tunnel tunnel... worthy of being called a masterpiece
10,Literally the best movie of my life
10,Even if I keep looking at it
10,I have nothing to say...
10,a heart-opening movie
10,If you don't watch this movie and die... I really regret it.
10,This kind of movie... is so cool.
10,The best movie of my life. Definitely first place
10,the best movie of my life
10,The last scene is creepy
10,A movie that makes you realize a lot of things
10,A movie that I want to give 10 more points! I really recommend it. Don't talk if you haven't seen it.
10,I think I've seen it dozens of times
10,How many points is it if it's 10 points or c-shape.It was the best movie ever!
10,I feel ashamed of myself. Let's appreciate my situation. At least there is freedom.
10,Ten points or no points to give.
10,It's really touching and the best movie
10,I can't believe I made this kind of movie about 15 years ago. It's amazing
10,The best of the best
10,Let's make this movie number one.
1,It's too easy to get out of here. There is no hard process either. There is nothing to overcome. The main character genius. I'm not even touched
10,I think 5 stars means watching this kind of movie
10,Let's not give a point to a masterpiece.
10,It contains a touching movie with a hopeful message.
10,The only movie that I remember!
10,It's impressive.
9,a great movie
10,Totally... Good
10,The classics are eternal
9,A masterpiece is a masterpiece...It's a shame that I'm behind Forest Gump at the same time.
10,The best movie ever
10,The most impressive movie for me
10,Kick your butt.
10,I thought again about what my hope was. You're the best!
10,The greatest masterpiece!1
10,The best movie of my life. I agree. Great movie.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Shut up and watch.
10,Mise-en-scene is a great movie!
10,I really enjoyed it But it was sad to see Tommy die crying
10,a long lingering impression
10,a hopeful film
10,It's the best
10,You're the best!
10,A movie that's fun to watch again
10,My life was full of fear. I realized what hope was because of this movie
10,One of the best movies of my life.
9,boredom has become dull with every line of...
10,A masterpiece... Hope...
10,I regret seeing such a masterpiece today. A word I remember for the rest of my life. Hope... It's a masterpiece.
10,It reminded me of the importance of hope
10,If you have to watch a movie and die... I think one of them is this
10,It's a really big movie. I can't speak.
10,It is touching and really fun.  This is a real masterpiece.
10,You're the best!
10,This is a masterpiece.
10,Watching this movie makes me want to drink beer. I remembered drinking beer while painting the roof.
10,speechless impression
10,Korean movies and most commercial movies are touching at the end.But it's been moving all along...Escape from Shawshank
10,I watched it in middle school and watched it again when I was in my 30s It's a film of hope itself.
10,A movie that you can't get tired of watching
10,The most impressive thing was getting out of that dung hole.
10,The hope of human freedom against the violence of the ruthless institution and the calm performance of two actors
10,I can't believe I've finally seen a movie like this.
10,I'm amazed even when I watch it again.
10,My father's recommendation was not correct.
10,Talk about hope...It's the best.
10,A movie that tells you hope
10,I feel touched every time I see it.
9,The first movie I watched today...But a movie that lets you know what power hope brings.^^
10,Best movie recommendation for movie lovers!
10,There's no needless words
10,It's a movie where you can feel that this is what freedom is like
10,Hope is good. I hope you won't be scared of the real world.
8,A movie that is hard to describe once you see it.
10,Top
10,People do not realize much of the importance of freedom.It is foolish to realize the importance of losing all the time.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen! A movie that doesn't deserve 100 points!
10,by far the best
10,I want to make this movie 10 overall rating
10,Isn't this the best?
10,I enjoyed watching it.
10,I do not dare to comment
10,It's the best!
10,a happy ending
10,I can't believe I made this movie when I was born
8,Don't give up hope! Why is the score so high?
10,A movie that makes me feel overwhelmed just thinking about it. Can this kind of movie come out again?
10,Make sure you watch it
10,This movie is supposed to be re-released
10,Who hasn't seen this movie?
10,10 points
10,needless words
10,I just saw a good movie
10,Good. I can't get enough of it.
10,Oh my god
10,Movies I want to watch again
10,This is really a legend...
10,It was really fun
10,The best movie ever.Hah!
10,Either you live or you die.
10,10 points to celebrate the 15th episode
10,I can't get enough of it
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,The best movie I can't get enough of
10,A movie that you must watch at least once!
10,It's the best! The thrill whenever I see it!
10,Hope it's the best and this movie is the best too
10,This is the best movie I've ever seen life.Really good...
10,It was the best.
10,Top
10,I am glad that I got freedom until the last red.
10,I got goosebumps while watching... 10 points is not enoughThis movie is really fun!!!
10,Top
10,That scene on the poster...I won't be able to forget it I got goosebumps
10,Can't you give me 500 million stars?
10,Touching.
10,It is the most touching movie I have ever seen. I can feel the importance of freedom throughout my body.
10,Ten points is not a waste of money.
10,The movie was good and the plot was good a moving film
10,The best! The best!
10,It's nice even now
10,The storyline and the exquisite ending... What a great trick
10,That's cool.
9,I thank Andy for his freedom as he became a smarter papier-dragon.
10,There's no masterpiece like this It will be a memorable movie
10,Just one word. "GOOD"
10,The story of the person below is sloppy? -- It was really shocking at the time;;
10,Top
10,10 points. This is the truth
10,The movie that I remember no matter how many times I watch it
10,Now I see such a masterpiece.That's truly incredible.
10,You can watch it 10 times? I'll watch it more than 100 times!
10,A movie that can change a person's life
10,It's a movie that reminds me of how I spend my time fizzling out.
10,I have this movie. It's worth keeping
10,Why did I watch this kind of movie now?
10,Why Prison Break? How can you compare that drama to this?
1,Just follow half the Prison Break
10,This is what a masterpiece looks like.
10,It's a perfect
10,The wonderful encounter of emotion and twist makes me rethink something in my life
10,the most beautiful masterpiece of this era
10,A really cool and exhilarating movie
10,It's the best. Not even 100 stars
10,The last twist is. 5 stars isn't enough.
10,I can't forget the last scene.
10,It's just 10 points
10,There's no need for words...
10,I want to be a bird that can't be kept in a cage.
10,Another masterpiece that you can confidently leave behind for future generations
10,There has never been a movie that is more touching than this while watching a movie.I can't believe I'm watching this now
10,I don't know how many times I've seen you.
10,An impeccable masterpiece. I felt a lot of things when I saw this.
10,There is no need for words.It's a masterpiece that'
10,I was dying of excitement while Red went under the tree
10,The best movie of my life. I can't believe I just saw this.
10,Is words necessary? It's the best
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,I'm not sure...................................................
10,The best movie of my life
10,This is the movie of God
10,Now I've seen a movie like this. It's a masterpiece. It's calm
10,I want to eat
10,I'm touched even when I see it 10 times
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie and I was thrilled. It's not something people recommend for no reason
10,Good. It's a masterpiece
10,Don't discuss this film without ever having your freedom bound.
10,A work from 1995. a work of diminishing interest in the latest film
10,an extraordinary masterpiece in which the two actors shine
10,You're the best!
10,You really made it out of human power?
10,When will I see this kind of movie again? That's amazing
10,It's so much fun!I won't get sick of it even if I see it a few times
10,the best movie
9,I'm gonna have a look. The movie you're going to see
10,I have nothing more to say... Top
10,I dare say the best movie
10,Why did I see this now?
10,I don't need to say anything.
10,I want to see you again. It's the best movie ever.
10,Prison break out. Shawshank escape is the best
10,The best movie of my life
10,The best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It's just the best
10,I think it's the best movie
10,Oh...
10,I didn't get bored at all during more than two hours of playtime
10,A famous painting...
10,A movie that gave me a reason for my life
10,I think it's one of the most memorable movies.
10,The first movie that made me cry...  It still lingers after I saw it
10,Where is freedom for me?
10,Movies like movies. Movies that make you feel the reason for living
9,It was great.
10,The only thing left is the movie!
10,The best movie of my life!
10,a masterpiece of misfortune beyond its time
10,Why did I watch it now?
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,I'm touched every time I see it. It's the best
10,I'm always touched.
10,...I'm touched even when I watch it again... Beer on the rooftop...That peaceful sweetness...
10,It's cool... It makes me write my GPA. Hah!
10,It's the best.
10,It's the best.
10,I didn't know it would be a pity to have only five stars.
10,A movie that is fun without boredom even though the ending is expected.
10,It's really... It's the best.needless words
10,Hope and freedom is something that anyone can and should have...
10,It's really fun
10,It wasn't the movie I thought of at all
1,There is no lingering impression of the Green Mile
1,It's fun
10,One of the best movies of my life.
10,Who hasn't seen this movie? Top 1 masterpieces of my life
10,My favorite movie...
10,I can't get enough of the best movie in my life
10,I'm so touched
10,It's so heart-warming
10,Top
9,In search of freedom^^
10,Good
1,Good
10,A movie that awakens the message of hope
10,Best movie ever ^^
10,A movie that feels new no matter how many times I watch it. It's more fun when you look at it after all these years.
10,The best movie of my life that I've seen more than 20 times!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,All I can say is that it'
10,I can't believe it was such a moving movie.
10,A movie that makes me dream...
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie that you won't get tired of
10,It's the best. It's the best. I can't get enough of it. It's coolDog genius. Real genius work. Giggle giggle giggling
10,I've seen you a dozen times today.I can't keep my eyes on you.The best movie...
10,the best five
10,Top.
10,It's really the best...
9,What are you doing?
10,Good
10,The best of the best.
10,I recommend a movie that's really touching
10,This is a masterpiece.
10,one of life's greatest works
1,It's a bit boring
10,It's the best. Will there be another movie like this?
10,I can't forget all the actors
10,The movie that gave me hope as a country boy.I can't forget it!
10,OK.
10,It's a touching feeling. I'll never forget it
10,The best movie ever!
9,a truly amazing movie
9,a film with a tremendous potential
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,I don't know how to express it.
10,There is no need for words. A masterpiece is a masterpiece.
9,It was a little boring
10,a movie that doesn't go against the clock
10,No words needed
10,It's always fun.
10,It's the best movie I'll ever remember
10,It's a masterpiece again.Is there another movie like this?
10,I'm watching you today.I think I've seen it like 5 times when I watch it on cable movie channels every day I watch it
10,I didn't see him in 1995 but I saw him today for the first time. This is really the best.
10,I like it
10,It's a perfect human drama from start to finish! The ending is also perfect
10,There is no need for words.
10,Top
9,A movie that I still can't forget
10,It's just the best
10,It's fun.
10,I've seen this more than 10 times.
10,The best movie of my life with Titanic
9,Everything was good.
10,a ten-point movie
10,It is a movie where you can feel freedom. Freedom
9,a good movie
10,Morgan Freeman is a really good actor
10,The best movie of my life LOL It's touching to see it again lol Why is the head so good?
10,I'm glad Red's Morgan Freeman
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.LOL Do you need a word? be more than the best
10,Best...........................
10,Hope is a good thing
10,It's so touching!
10,One of the best movies of my life.I was so touched when I saw him in high school
8,Is it because I watched it on TV?
10,It's not enough to evaluate just 10 points
10,I watched a masterpiece with a perfect ending after a long time. It's perfect. It's really perfect
10,a masterpiece of emotion
10,Raising the rating
2,Who gives a point to this famous painting?
1,It's worth seeing
10,This movie is awesome no matter how many times I watch it. And the last scene is especially cool.
10,Are you kidding me? I'll drop my GPA
10,Jae Jae Jae Jae Jae Jae Jack
10,This movie will have a meaning for the rest of your life.
1,It's not that fun
1,It's boring and not fun
10,The best prison movie I've ever seen
10,I should not forget the word "hope" and live! This movie is full of energy!
10,Ah... I want to have this kind of friendship
10,There's a reason why it's considered the best I strongly recommend it
10,A movie that touches my heart over and over again
10,I'm just shedding tears
9,It's a lot of fun. The story is so good. It's a good movie to watch not too long. ^^
10,I saw it on TV last year and it was fun!
1,I am generous
10,The best...
1,I am generous
10,I watched this movie because you told me to watch it and it really makes me think deeply. It's really touching
10,The best movie
10,Is there a need to say?
10,The best movie ever!
10,I watch this movie when I want to feel touched and hopeful.
10,A movie that I dare call the best
10,I was really touched. It's really eye-catching from beginning to end.
10,I was really touched...It's a shame that I saw such a good drama latecrying
10,It's the best I's ever seen again.
10,It's fun...
10,What a great movie!
10,That's sad
10,the best movie
10,Top
10,the best movie
1,an eight-point movie
10,Let's go for first place
10,It's so touching! It's a bad movie if you didn't watch it.Hah!
10,I can't get enough of this movie. It's so touching
10,The best moving masterpiece...
10,It's the best masterpiece
10,I was touched
10,10 out of 10
10,The highest score for no reason...
10,It's just
8,a good movie
10,Movies that you never get tired of...
10,You don't need to say anything Haha
10,There's no need for words
10,This is the best
10,The best movie of my life is really the best!!
9,an unfortunate masterpiece
10,I hope this movie will change your life.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even after watching it a hundred times
9,Prison is worth living in.
10,Ten out of ten --
10,Hope set you free.
10,There is no disagreement if this work is number one
10,I don't need any words.  Definitely...!! It's the best movie ever.
10,It's a moving movie
10,I just like it
10,What is freedom?
10,I like the last scene. a good movie
10,The movie I watched with my friends.I understand freedom and challenge.the best movie of one's life
10,The movie that deserves to be recognized!
10,It's quite touching. The last scene
10,That's amazing. Everyone...
10,There's no need for words. I lost track of time
10,It's a masterpiece. Heart-warming. Hope! Good word
10,Good movie ^^ Enjoy your movie.
10,Andy's Escape and Red's narration are unforgettable scenes for me.
10,One of the best movies of my life ^^
10,Good
10,What's 1 point? 9 points even if you're ugly
10,It looks really cool.
10,I can't believe I've finally come across such a masterpiece!
10,Fun and touching movie...
10,A really good movie... one of the few things in my life
10,What a great movie! needless words It's a must-see movie for those who haven't seen it.
10,I think the movie that I made 15 years ago is still the best.It's as if there's no need for words!
10,I enjoyed watching it before.10 points
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 10 times
10,I really lost what to say. Heart-warming...
1,One point
10,I don't need to say anything.
10,There's no need for words
10,Shut up and get 10 points
10,A movie with a perfect score!
10,The best of the best
10,Will I be able to watch this kind of movie again for the rest of my life?
1,It's boring to watch again
10,It's sad. I'm touched.
10,Good Scenario + Good Actor = Good Movie
6,a case in point of overestimation
10,the best movie
10,Good
10,Morgan Freeman's smoke made me cry.
1,an overrated work
10,BOB
10,It's the best. There's no excuse
10,It was fun. I don't get bored and time goes by.There's nothing more I can ask for
10,A movie that reminds us how precious freedom is that we didn't feel!
10,One vote for the movie with the highest rating on netizens!
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need to be said.
10,The movie that made me feel the importance of freedom.
10,I realized how precious hope was for I HOPE AGAIN. A movie that I'm really thankful for
10,You're the best!
10,It's just the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,a masterpiece without words
10,A movie that kept me from leaving my seat for a long time
10,It's right
10,What more words are needed.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I've watched this movie more than 5 times and I still have tears in my eyes
10,Thank you for the touching.  I think they call it a masterpiece after seeing this^^
10,Should I give you 10 or 9 points? I'll give you 10 points
10,It's the best!!! It's the thrill of human victory
10,This is fun
10,It's a movie that you want to watch even if you watched it close to 10 times
10,Movies that I've watched more than 10 times
10,It's a good movie every time I see it. Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman's performances were also impressive.
10,a natural rating for the best movie
10,What words do I need?
10,Top
10,This is a real movie
10,Why isn't there an Academy Award? a questionable film
10,Freedom
10,It's a movie that I didn't want to waste of course.
10,The last scene
10,The best movie...
10,Good
10,Is an evil man ever an evil man?
10,Human freedom and liberation. The future that no one knows. It is still full appreciation if you show it on TV.
10,It's an impressive and well-made movie where you learn 10 new lessons from watching 10 times
10,Duprein enjoys freedom by spreading his arms toward the rainy sky
10,A movie that makes you want to watch it again
10,Top
10,I'm just sad when I see something.It's a masterpiece.
10,Truth
10,Over 10 times on OCN...
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I see it. It's so touching?
10,A movie you should watch at least once
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,No words needed for the best movie
10,It's normal to keep things like this
8,Good
10,A movie that I watched more than 10 times until the end! I've seen the last two main characters' reunion 30 times!
10,The most watched movie in my life
10,I think I watched it like 10 times
10,I heard it's a masterpiece. I was surprised to see it. You're the best! You're the best every time I see you!
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's a moving and sad movie that'
10,A friendship that makes me cry
10,It's the best.
10,What a great movie!
10,It's awesome
10,I've seen it five times;
10,This is a masterpiece
10,This is really a movie
10,It's different every time I see it. It's a movie about life
10,One of the masterpieces I saw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!L
10,a nostalgic movie
1,I didn't like the translated title
9,judge with the eyes of modern people
10,It's the best. I think this is called a masterpiece
8,Huh.
10,Top LOL
10,Does this movie need words? A masterpiece of the times!
9,I think I watched the full version 9 times?
10,The best movie of my life. Freedom and Hope are precious things that never go away.^^
10,The best! T-T
10,This kind of movie is called a masterpiece
10,It's fun
5,I just didn't like being an actor.
10,Touching. S and G
10,:) beautiful
10,It's a masterpiece that's touching every time and time again
10,There is no need for words.
9,If there's no hope... You can't live!
7,I thought you were watching Prison Break.
10,This is the best
10,This is good no matter how many times I see it
10,Why didn't I watch this movie before?
9,Will this movie change the minds of those who support the death penalty a little? Hope is a good thing.
10,Hope is important
10,It's really a masterpiece.May you be with us forever.
10,It came out again today. It's fun every time I see it
10,It was a meaningful day in my life.
10,Good things don't go away.Really lost track of time
10,I found out that the movie was over 2 hours later. A movie that I watched without knowing how time went by
10,It was the most memorable movie.
10,Touching movie
10,I'm always touched.
10,Even if you look at it 100 times...
10,It's the best.
10,It's really the best
10,This movie is the best of the best.
10,Do you need words?
10,One of the best masterpiece movies. I hope you watch it
10,The best movie of my life!
10,The main character is so cool. The immersion level is the best
9,The freedom of the prisoners.
10,It's the best!
10,I just watched it for no reason.  I think I know why the rating is high. Recommendation 100
10,What I felt after watching this movie was just a shock.
10,A really impeccable movie
10,The best masterpiece... The only thing I can say is that it's
10,The funniest movie I've seen since Leon. I can tell why I won first placeGood
10,It's the first movie that I've been sitting even though I'm the youngest
10,Recommendation
10,It was touching.
10,It's just the best
10,It's one of the masterpieces that needs no words...It is really fun and touching
10,Best movie with a twist better than Six Sense
9,It's a shame that it's a true story
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhope
10,How can I make a movie like this?
10,It's the best movie of this time.
10,Hope is a good thing
10,There was no movie as interesting as this.
10,Carrot is the best. No words needed.
10,I like this movie
10,It's the best movie ever
10,What else do you need? It's just the best
10,If you're looking at that poster... It makes me want to see you again. That kind of movie...
10,A movie that's fun to watch again
10,The best movie ever!
10,The best movie that makes me feel really good
10,the best movie of my life
10,I want to see it again.
10,Why didn't you just name it Shawshank? Why did you give a spoiler for Escape? But it's still fun
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is as green as my dream
10,It's fun even if you watch it 10 times more.
10,It's amazing. I highly recommend it
10,a movie worth watching
10,It always touches my heart no matter how many times I see it
10,Good
10,It's so much fun
10,Will a movie like this really not come out again?
10,Best Of Best.. It's the best masterpiece that will last forever.
10,This is just a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece that I've seen seven times
10,the importance of freedom
10,I don't think there's any more movie in my life
10,I couldn't help but watch it because the title is so famous. It's the best
10,There is no need for a less than inspiring twist.I like a happy ending
10,The best movie that touches me gently! I'm glad I watched it now
10,My favorite movie. It's the best movie ^^ I've watched it 20 times with Titanic
9,..LOLI haven't seen you in a while
10,A film that reminds unemployed workers of the importance of freedom and laziness of everyday life
10,It's a movie that always touches me no matter how many times I watch it.
10,It's a movie that I felt a lot. I watched it well.
10,The best masterpiece. This is a masterpiece
8,It's been so long since we've seen each other
10,I couldn't put it into words.The moment Andy and Red met...It is really touching.
10,The twist and the emotion at the same time... It's the best movie in my life
10,Slick is -- OO is so much fun
1,It's "Slack"
10,I can't believe it's ranked 3rd It's a movie that should win first place
10,That's great!
10,What a great movie!!!
10,The best movie of my life.
10,That's the best. It's similar to Papillon. I recommend Papillon more
10,The best movie of my life
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,There's a movie that's fun to watch a lot of timesLOL
10,The last scene alone is the best enough.
8,It's a good movie~~
10,I watched it 10 times. It's so much fun
10,I thought it was a masterpiece for no wonder
10,This movie is so well made and excellent that I have nothing to say
10,Damn it... You're the best.
10,A movie that I want to keep forever
10,Don't talk without watching the best movie
10,Even if it overlaps with the Independence Day special envoy...
10,He does it from time to time on the movie channel.It's not even Mars Escape. I ignored it. Regretting
10,This is really fun lol lol lol lol
10,the best movie
10,Naver ratings are unbelievable. This movie is the real number one! I can't believe this movie is 6th place.
10,It's funLOLA movie that I watched for a long time
10,It's fun every time I watch it
10,It's the best
10,This needs to be followed. It's one of the best masterpieces
10,a masterpiece
10,You're the best!
10,It was so touching to see the main character struggling for freedom.
2,Good
10,Good
10,Movies are by far the best of the tens of thousands of movies that have appeared and come out.
10,I don't need words. I'm glad to see a masterpiece again these days
10,It's an honor to see such a masterpiece. It's a great movie. --b
10,The best movie I've ever seen more than 20 times.
10,The biggest movie of my life
10,a moving film
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,Freedom
10,a masterpiece without words
10,The movie that makes you smile at the end
10,You're the best!
7,Maybe it's because I hung up.It's a shame that only two of us are happy ending.The reunion of the last two friends is very heart-warming
10,A work that you can't get enough of
10,The scene of the Shawshank escape poster was very impressive
9,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. But he's as handsome as he is now
10,What a great movie!
10,the scent of freedom in one's heart
10,Best movie of my life. Best Classic
10,I put off watching this movie and now I'm watching it.Why didn't you watch it earlier?
10,a masterpiece without words
10,Going to realise many a movie I am ................................
10,A movie necessity that doesn't need words
10,I can't get enough of this movie even though it's already my fifth time watching it. Recommendation
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,a film worth a full score
10,It's the best movie I'll ever forget.
10,a series of touching moments
10,a poignant film
9,A movie that you can't get enough of. A movie that doesn't get bored at all with more than 2 hours of running time.
10,The acting of Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman was really great.
10,Increase the number of Pancots! This work needs such consideration!
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece...
10,Top
10,The rating of 10 is for this movie.
10,Good!
10,I feel sorry for the director because I saw this movie 14 years after it was released
10,A movie that's always perfect
10,I'm not tired of it at all. I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now
10,I enjoyed watching it when I was young.
10,The wave of fun and touching moments
10,It's fun. The best scene is the scene where you're flustered
10,Good
10,A film that is well past 10 years but never forgotten
10,I've never seen anything so refreshing It's fun
10,a true masterpiece
10,It's really fun
10,It's really good... but I still don't think I know the depth.
10,But whenever ... in tvTouching every time movie.
10,A masterpiece is a word for a movie like this movie
10,The content of the movie is very touching. A movie that puts meaning into each line and gives a wonderful impression.
10,LOL You're the best
10,Top
10,I couldn't help but open my mouth at the end Why did I watch this movie now?
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now. I wish I had a friend like Andy. Hope is a good thing
10,Duprein is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a waste that the maximum price is 10!
10,It's a movie where all the lines are engraved in your bones
10,It gives a perfect score to this movie. the importance of freedom
10,It's a scam
10,a masterpiece that is incomparable to the movies of today. an indescribable masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that makes you realize what freedom is.
10,That's awesome
10,A calm but eye-catching movie
10,It is a moving movie.Top
10,It's the best escape movie
10,Good things don't go away!
10,Why didn't I know this movie?
10,The movie I wanted
10,indescribable catharsis That's amazing.
10,It's weird if you don't give me 10 points
10,It's the best
10,the best movie without words
10,I also want to go to the Pacific Ocean.
10,I'm not good at expressing my feelings. All I have to do is give him 10 points.
10,Prison couldn't tame him from the start. Because there's hope.
10,I'm surprised this movie didn't win any awards.
10,You're really the best!
10,snatched
10,I want to give 20 points if I can.
10,It's really the best! I understand why this movie is called a masterpiece.
10,You've got a fair share of course.This is a famous painting
10,This is a famous painting
10,It's a pity movie that I can only give you 10 points.You're the best!
10,A perfect movie after Remember Titan.
10,The best!
10,Freedom and hope... I'm short of ten points. The best movie of my life!
9,The best movie of the Post Papillon.
10,How can this be?
10,It's the best!
10,The best!
10,It's amazing.
10,The importance of freedom... and Hope...
10,What movie can outdo this movie?
10,The best movie of my life
10,This movie Blu-ray is so expensive
10,The best movie in my life has changed... It's really the best.
10,It's the best
10,Only 10 points go well...
10,The most important thing we should not abandon is hope.
10,It's just 10 points. Not to mention it
10,Escape = freedom // I want to escape too...
9,It's been 15 years since we saw each other.It's still fun...Very good!
10,the greatest film of the twentieth century
10,I agree. I'm glad I saw such a masterpiece late
10,I'm glad I saw such a masterpiece late.
9,The best
10,It's just the best
10,Digi is a movie
10,I thought Pabby was the best movie in my life. The number one was here. It's art
10,I watched it dozens of times and even memorized the lines. I found myself watching until the end of the channel.
10,Really... The best movie
10,This is a masterpiece. needless words
10,Ha... I don't need to say anything. Top
10,It's a masterpiece of a real masterpiece! Andy Duprein! It's so catchy! It's the best
10,The best movie of my life!
10,The best movie ever!  That's cool.
10,Let's not give up hope
10,A film that awakens the meaning of true freedom. Five stars isn't enough for this.
10,I'd say it's the best movie
6,The whole thing is so boring.
10,be short of five stars
10,A movie that touches you no matter how many times you watch it.
10,a deep film that you never know before one sees it
10,I just saw it again.I think I've seen it about five times. What a wonderful movie...The ending excites me so much
10,You're the best!
10,What a great movie!
10,Does this movie need words ^^?
10,The hug scene between Andy and Red at the end is really...
10,a masterpiece
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie with my heart.
10,It's a movie that gives me a lot of insight as I spend every meaningless day. It's a masterpiece. ^^
10,It's a complete masterpiece
9,A masterpiece that allowed me to engrave the word hope
10,I think I've seen it about 10 times!
10,The best...
10,Anyone who doesn't give 10 points for this masterpiece has a brain problem
10,Don't be complacent even if you're afraid of the new world. You have to enjoy your freedom^^
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,That's cool. A free bird in prison went to the sea
10,A film of hope blooming in the mind. A masterpiece that's always fun to watch
10,a hunger for freedom
9,a hunger for freedom That's enough
10,a hunger for freedom
10,I can't say anything else.the best movie of my life
10,A movie you want to give 10 points to.
10,The movie should be like this!
10,The best movie of my life
10,Showed me what hope is.
10,Nice movie ♥
9,One story is guaranteed! But there is a desire to be stronger L
10,It's fun even though I watched it several times!
10,There was something that was left over and over again and again and again and again. Haha
10,This is a real movie
10,It's a 10 out of 10 movie of my life.
10,That's the best
1,Shoppa is awesome. 9 points for this movie. Back to the Future with this Volba. That movie is awesome ^^
10,100 out of 10 LOL
10,You need to give 10 points to a movie like this
10,Good
10,What movie should I watch to be satisfied?
10,the best movie
10,It's a luxury movie that's too good to give 10 points.
10,This is what a great movie is.Haha
10,When will such a masterpiece come out again?
10,I watched the movie 13 years after I came here. It is a movie without words.
10,The best movie that comes with a new meaning whenever I watch it many times
10,The biggest movie of my life
10,an unforgettable movie
10,cool
10,The epitome of a masterpiece
10,I wasn't interested in the movie because it was a long time ago. I'm so touched after watching it
10,A movie that is not enough to watch once
10,He's really good at making movies
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this masterpiece. Top
10,Good
9,A movie that gives hope. It was quite touching. How about remaking this movie in a different genre?
10,It's the best.
10,If I have to say so... the best movie of one's life
10,The best movie I've ever seen again...
10,A movie with a score of 100 movies!
10,It's a great movie that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece!
1,High risk of being fished with a GPA
10,It's fun
10,I'm a fool who hasn't seen this before
10,Top
10,one of the most wordless masterpieces in the history of all time
10,be beautiful
10,I can't believe there's a movie like this.
9,It's a masterpiece.
10,The best! The best! The best! The best! The best! The best! The best! The best!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,the best movie of my life
10,A movie that you want to watch again even after watching it 8 or 9 times
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't need words!!!!!!!!!
10,A movie that moves people's hearts is a real masterpiece.
10,That's the best. There's nothing more to say
10,It's the best movie ever
10,It's a movie that's touching
10,The Shawshank Escape is a masterpiece. I don't get tired of seeing you all the time.
10,It's a well-made movie.
10,The last best twist...
10,10 points is not enough!!!!
10,I'm so touchedcrying
10,It was really touching.
10,One of the best...perfect movies
10,It's fun.
10,It's overwhelming. It's a movie that makes me speechless.
10,The number one movie in human history.
10,A masterpiece detailing what true freedom is like!Make sure you watch it
10,It's a movie that's 100 times different from Da x x x x so x
10,The best movie is acknowledged by everyone.
10,cool
9,It's fun if prison is the background
10,What and how can we evaluate it? It's the best.
10,I fell in love with the actors' acting skills
10,This is the best movie ever
10,A committed prison drama of prisoners who must break the shackles of their emotions before becoming a free man
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is blue
10,What's the hope?
10,One of the best movies of my life!
10,It's really well-made
10,10 points...
10,A new movie no matter how many times. I can't believe the story of the mask is so touching.
10,I knew why people were so excited to watch this movie. the best movie
10,A masterpiece is different
10,I don't even know how many times I saw it. But the movie that makes me watch it again!
10,The movie that I watched enough to memorize the lines...
10,a movie that shows why it has been mentioned as a masterpiece
10,It's really a masterpiece.I strongly recommend it
10,I think King is the best movie ever!
10,I think I've seen it like 12 times. a masterpiece that one never gets tired of
10,What did I do without looking at this?
10,A must-see movie in your life
10,a film that ultimately expresses hope and freedom
10,This is the movie.
10,I strongly recommend it
10,I bought a DVD. It's touching even if you keep looking at it.
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,A movie that makes you realize that freedom with the best twist
10,A touching movie that made me tear up at the end!
10,a movie that you can't get enough of
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a movie that made me think again
10,The best masterpiece that lingers in my mind
10,The pleasure at the end...There really needs to be a movie like this!
10,There were many movies that I watched two or three times. But this guy is the only movie that won't let the channel run
10,the best movie
10,A masterpiece doesn't change over time
10,The best movie ever!
10,I don't need to say anything else. You're the best!
10,I wasn't bored at all watching.
10,The lingering feeling after watching the movie lasts forever
10,Take a look. I can't sit on my butt while watching a movie. I watched it until the end
10,It's so nice
10,a packed film
10,A movie that lacks even the word "best." The touching of this movie is infinite.
10,I don't think there will be a movie that will outdo this movie for the rest of my life
10,I'm still touched even when I look at it again
10,A movie that makes me want to watch it again
10,a must-see movie
10,a good movie
10,A film that awakens the importance of freedom
10,There's really no need for words...
10,There's no need for words
10,This movie doesn't need a useless reticence.
9,The movie that stared blankly at the ending credits...
10,Hmm... It's fun.
10,It's no joke.A deep movie... Good...!!
10,Good
10,10 out of 10!
10,You're so funny!
10,I kept putting it off and finally saw it. That's good...
10,Wouldn't that be the best masterpiece? It must be a good movie anyway
10,Oh... Jihuataneo...
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't feel like a waste to say that it's the best!
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I don't understand the person who gave me 1 point... No matter how many times I look at it... As expected...
10,Is there a masterpiece?This is a masterpiece
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,Why did I watch it now?
10,They say this is the best masterpiece
10,Shut up and this is the best movie ever.
1,I don't really
10,You're the best! You're the best! There were no masterpieces. (Shaking)
10,It's a really good movie. It's a movie that made me experience old movies
10,It's a masterpiece that has no comparison!
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I am so proud to see this movie in person at the Daehan Theater when I was in my second year of high school. I thought of standing ovation after the ending
10,Dark Knight is the biggest satisfaction. Shawshank is... the best masterpiece. You can't compare the two
10,I'm touched even when I look at it again
10,The most memorable movie so far. There's still lingering feelingsA movie you can't miss in your life
10,A movie that I will never forget...!
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this now. It's the best movie I've ever seen this year
10,This movie... is worse than arrogance and prejudice...Based on my standards...Highton... I think it's the best movie ever
1,Escape from prison is illegal...
10,Top
10,The best movie of my life...I realized what true freedom is.
10,I finally saw a movie like this.
10,It's fun
10,It is the most impressive movie...
10,The movie that inevitably comes to my mind
10,I can't believe I didn't recognize such a masterpiece
10,The last scene where Red and Andy meet is really... the best!
10,This is the first movie that taught me that the touching and fun that a movie can give is so great.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,As expected... A masterpiece
10,It's so good. I watched it more than 10 times
10,That's nice
10,indescribable emotion
10,the best movie
1,It's not this high
10,The best! The best! The best
10,Hope is good thing. I hope you're touched.
10,You're the best!
10,I am very lucky and honored to see this movie late.Let's see first
10,It's one of the masterpieces that you need to see throughout your life!
10,A movie worth 10 points!
10,Good
1,It's like a soap opera
10,It's the best
10,a great movie
10,The movie that made me realize freedom clearly... It is an A+ movie.
10,I didn't know that the two words "hope" touched my heart like this ^^...It's a great movie.
10,Andy's yearning for freedom. You want to give up your life. You should be inspired by this movie!
10,Ah~~ last exciting revenge. What a great movie!
10,Morgan Freeman in the lead...Do you have anything else to say?
10,Kidding? How come this isn't number one?
10,No words needed.
10,This is a real movie...
10,It's more fun than Titanic.
10,I'm so lucky to see this movie before the army.
10,It's a movie that doesn't have a counterargument
10,That's awesome. Ha ha. The best movie of my life was just released today.
10,be a masterpiece forever
10,It's a great story no matter how many times I watch it
10,10 points isn't enough
10,It's the best.
10,One of the best movies of my life that I can't get enough of! This is what a movie is like
10,I feel like my soul is getting older.
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen in my life. I really want to recommend this movie
10,It's the best.
10,Best movie I want to give 11 points to
10,A movie that people must watch once in their lives
10,Movie mania is a movie that you should watch at least once.
10,the best movie of my life
10,10 out of 10
10,Endless touching...
10,Good
8,It's fun. It's a bit touching
10,I really enjoyed watching it ^^
10,It's fun. I wondered why it's not famous. It was fun
10,The movie is the best that reminds us how precious the two words are
10,I strongly recommend a movie that will touch your heart no matter how many times you watch it
10,A masterpiece is unforgettable.
10,I think I've seen it 10 times more on cable TV. I'll watch it's...
10,You didn't watch it? Then watch it!
10,A masterpiece that I watch whenever I rerun "Tea Secretary"
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,A movie that everyone should watch at least once
10,It's a masterpiece that will remain calm and touching. I hope to learn Korean movies too.
9,I really liked the happy ending of the respected Morgan Freeman masterpiece^^
10,It's new to see you again as an adult. So good!
8,It's worth watching... Not perfect
10,The movie I've been looking for
10,In search of freedom
9,Hope never goes away^^
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life.
10,I want to give it a full score.
10,A masterpiece that makes the word hope linger in your head
10,It's a masterpiece where you can feel true freedom!
1,It's fun
10,It just happened to be a masterpiece
10,94 years...I'll see you again in 2008.The movie that I watched as an adult was really teary-eyed
10,Now I know why you're crying. I can never do that
10,I think this is the best in the Terminator series
10,a masterpiece in the Terminator series
10,A film that shows the limits of human creativity
10,It's the best no matter how many times I watch it now or again.
10,There's no need for words. This is what a movie is How dare any Terminator series come after Part 2 1  The Best Legendary Movie Terminator 2
9,James Cameron's Artificial Intelligence Future Sketch.present the future of the film and the future of the film perfectly
10,The best movie of my life. Goosebumps that this much movie came out in 1991
10,It's a masterpiece. It's
10,It's so much fun to watch without considering it's an old movie
10,The best movie of my life
10,My favorite movie
10,It's our 30th anniversary but it's not awkward at all
10,of a century not to come againa masterpiece
10,Isn't it the best movie ever? It's much more overwhelming and perfect than SF movies
10,It's just the best. The best masterpiece of the 20th century that doesn't need words.I think Terminator series 2 is the end and the rest is just a bonus.Wouldn't humans be able to do the same if the machine Terminator felt the value of life?It's the best ending with one.
10,It's fun to watch again. I don't know how many times I've watched it since it was released in 1991.
10,This is my life movie and I watch it again and again.
10,The storyline is perfect The earth is still worth living. Yay!
10,Let's wrap it up here
10,Is there a movie to download?A movie 20 years ago is a fraud!SF's Bible!
10,It's a masterpiece that you never get tired of
10,How dare I criticize this movie? It's an action that makes you feel nervous. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a legendary movie of the 20th century. It's a movie without professional expertise
10,This is crazy. It's better than the SF that comes out these days. The audience must have been shocked
10,My heart is still pounding. I have no regrets Make sure you watch it.
10,It's the best movie of my life Spring 100 times
10,The most memorable piece of work
10,How can a movie more than 30 years old be fun to watch now and the story tension is tacky.
10,It is surprising that the GPA is 9.5. This is a minimum of 9.9 points.
10,It's a masterpiece for no reason. I hope there will be a lot of movies like this
10,It's a rating given to people who don't know much about movies just for fun
10,What's the point of saying it's just a masterpiece
10,No words needed. It's a masterpiece.
10,I want to give more than 100 million points.Thumbs up scene is 99.9 billion points
10,It's just the best!
10,It was fun and cruel. Sarah Connor is so strong and John Connor seems to be only 10 years old. Why ride a motorcycle? It's a masterpiece!
10,He's better than you
10,Can we talk about the movie without watching it?
10,action film masterpieces I think I've seen it more than 10 times
10,It's a masterpiece of the times and a masterpiece that's not tacky at all
10,The best action movie in time
10,It's true that I can feel the time because I can't even say how immersed I am in the movie. But my mouth won't shut.  no fate..adios...Tears are a bonus
10,Hold your breath until it re-release--I'll wait until 2029.
10,I fell in love with you when you were so serious and turned Remington around
10,The score for women is higher...That's how fun he is
10,The only real masterpieces in the top 10 are this and Shawshank.
10,Ideal World Cup's biggest damage movie (39th place)
10,It is the value of sacrifice realized by the murderous robot that led to the peace of mankind
10,T2 A2 D1 (3 masterpieces: Terminator 2 Aliens 2 die hard 1)
10,I can't believe this movie was 30 years ago. I was surprised when I watched the rerun on cable again.L
10,I just rerun TV 2.  I was in my teens when it was released in theaters.  I can't believe I'm in my mid-40s. Time really flies
10,No. 1 conservation film of human heritage
10,It's awesome. It's still a masterpiece
9,Arnold's charisma! Liquid robots are great opponents.
10,I can't believe it was 1991
10,Three major films left by mankind: Gone with the Wind. Ben-Hur. Terminator 2...irrefutable
10,This is from 1991Is there anything more to explain?
10,I can't forget the memory of not leaving the audience with a standing ovation even after it was over at the Korean Theater in 1991.  Terminator 2! The best like Mission Impossible to the point where I feel like I'm at the Academy Awards
10,It's not boring and fun even now
10,My favorite movie of my life
10,I remember watching it when I was in elementary school. The air that I can never feel again
10,It's just... Just keep...
10,You only have five stars
9,The old man is the man of the old man the old man
10,This is a real movie. A masterpiece won't die
10,I can't believe it was made in 1991.
10,Is it a movie from 29 years ago?The best masterpiece!
10,Isn't this just 10 points? He also chose all five points to pay attention to.
10,the cultural heritage of mankind in the '90s
10,Legend is something like this...
10,Terminator is up to 2
8,I remember the best part of Terminator
10,A movie that will always be remembered even if I watch it now
10,There is no need for words. It's Arnold Schwarzenegger's cool robot acting
10,His beauty is everything He's so handsome. Really... I love you
10,A crazy movie. I can't believe this came out in '91. What happened in '91?
10,The best SF movie ever
10,The only movie that broke the prejudice that the second movie couldn't be better than the first one
10,I'm going to show this movie to my children
9,I didn't expect to see such a masterpiece on my phone
10,Everything is perfect. It's a masterpiece.
10,The best movie of my 40 years. Only one.
10,The best movie of my life.I think I've seen it more than 30 times. I almost memorized the lines.Nothing's missing.It's a perfect movie even now.
10,I can't believe I made this level of film in '91. It's like a legend.
10,the best movie of this time without words
10,It's just RJD. RJ rnasterpiece
10,It's a cultural heritage of mankind
10,It's the greatest masterpiece of my life
10,I remember watching a video when I was young and I was so scared that I shed a tear at the end.
10,This is a masterpiece
10,I don't think anyone's ever seen a scene where Umji uploads once
10,The greatest masterpiece of all time
9,The sequel is one of the movies that broke the law of failure. It's more fun than the previous one
10,It is said that director James Cameron made the film with a biblical story about Jesus coming down to the world and dying to save mankind. a work with a Christian worldview
10,The Terminator was the best for us back then
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,Humanism blooming from the scrap heap of war.The best science fiction movie in the Terminator series
10,I think it's probably the best movie made by Cameron.
9,It would not be an exaggeration to say that it is the masterpiece of SF action movies representing the 90s.The movie is like an action-comprehensive gift set that combines a fierce hand-to-hand battle of steel artificial intelligence robots and the best directing that can wow the audience of master James Cameron.
10,the best science fiction film in human history
10,The only movie that showed that the second one wasn't a flop
10,A movie that was released 30 years ago and that comforts me whenever "other" Terminator movies come out. A masterpiece with rich broth along with an airian.
10,The movie that started to become a fan of James Cameron!
10,The black scientist's name is DysonIt was the beginning of Ethan.
10,a masterpiece beyond the ages And the poisoned chalice that will be compared to eternity in future Terminator series.
10,The best ending in history
10,Who's watching in 2020?
8,Human beings are the weakest. Human-made robots. Will such a day come? The movie that made me curious
10,If I remember back then...I just don't need words.
10,I still have the lingering feeling of seeing and feeling when I was young.
10,A rogue boy who hacks into an ATM on an unlicensed motorcycle meets a robot from the future and fills his father's vacancy
10,All the elements are the best
10,"My parents' new generation's Avengers-like masterpiece is a hit!"
10,It's too bad that I can only give you 10 points.
9,It seems that there is a modifier for a masterpiece. Stories and actions beyond the times. I knew for the first time that there was no line in the last famous scene.
10,Edward Furlong's Unrealistic Appearance ♡
10,My favorite movie
10,I saw it in 2020. It's not awkward at all even now. i will be back.
10,It is not a movie that can be judged.
10,This is legendary. I don't know how many times I watched it
10,Future Robot Society Problems Directed Story Action Urgency Everything in Life Young-hoo
10,This work is my life movie.
10,The best painting until the day the earth goes down
9,a textbook for science fiction films
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece of a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,The movie that I watched in my fourth year of elementary school was shocking
9,t1000 is so scary
10,One of my favorite movies. an immortal masterpiece
10,It's crazy even now.In front of Korean movie "Don't Talk about CG"
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece
10,Bring more stars
10,the greatest film in human history
10,It's a masterpiece. You have to watch it
10,Wow... This isn't right. You're so funny
10,It's a masterpiece that will come out in 100 years
10,I couldn't breathe for two and a half hours.
6,What a waste.
10,The best! Why wasn't Edward Furlong as tall as he was?
10,What more words do I need?
10,A masterpiece that goes beyond a masterpiece. It's a 1991 movie. It's one of the top 5 movies I've seen recently
10,Feel secure.
10,The Return of Saracone... It's so much fun.
10,This is a movie that no one can win
6,I've seen it before. It's about Dahl. Yeah
10,To purify your eyes after looking at the dark paint.
10,It is my life movie. It is fun and touching
10,It's no exaggeration to say that it's the best in the Terminator series!!!
10,Do you need words? The Best SF Masterpiece
10,Life's work to anyone...
10,The best Terminator movie.
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it You can understand even if you don't watch it.
10,A movie that doesn't need any modifiers except the word perfect
10,Will there be a movie that will outdo this movie?
10,The movie is so much fun. It's just a shame that the story keeps repeating from the previous version. But the fun part is that it's perfect
10,It's always my life's work
9,a James Cameron-like film
10,'91 What explanation do you need?
9,I'm getting goosebumps that this came out in 1991
10,I remember crying after watching the last scene when I was young. The best movie I always fall in love with!
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I look at it
10,I slept while looking at the dark paint. I really slept...
10,The movie that will remain a legend and the movie that will be the best movie of my life. Terminator!
10,Terminator... Turbocharger was both a masterpiece.
10,Terminator 2 Jurassic Park Titanic Six Sense
10,The best movie that doesn't need words
10,It's more and more amazing every time I see it.
10,I haven't seen a single movie that goes beyond this one
10,It is surprising that a movie that has been around for almost 30 years is not far behind the recently released Terminator even with video CG technology.
10,The last scene will be remembered in the movie history
10,'I will be back' ...He kept his promise.
10,There aren't many movies that can go beyond this
10,This is the best movie ever
10,This movie is a masterpiece without words
10,Will a movie come out again that feels like a masterpiece like this?
10,The best movie of my life...
10,The best movie I've ever seen...
10,You should've ended it in "Copyright" and "Nabal" and "Darkface"... Why did you make it? You participate in the production and you messed it up? 1 1 1st and 2nd parts are perfect
10,It is a blessing to live in the same time as watching this movie.
10,There's no need for words!
10,Terminator 1 Legendary Start! Terminator 2 doesn't need subtitles anymore
10,2 is really the original
10,a masterpiece of the greatest film
10,It's better to watch this movie one more time than to watch the Dark Pater. How many times can I watch this movie? It's a masterpiece!
10,He deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
10,Why? Why? Can't I get more than 10 points? I want to give you 40 points!
8,All the clichés come from here
10,I got a shudder that I never felt when I was really young.It's not awkward at all now.I'm satisfied with the director's new ending.But you must have felt better to think that you are closer to Gore than you thought
10,I watched 2 again to purify my rotten eyes after seeing the dark paint. It's been a while since I've seen it. It's not as good as Saracone. It's girl crush
10,I don't need to say anything. You're the best
10,The best masterpiece...
10,It's amazing to make such a movie in the 90s.
10,I think this is a million times better than dark paint
10,I'm sure there's no other movie in my life that left such a deep impression and lingering impression
10,Shut up and watch. For those who haven't seen it
8,It was interesting and fun
10,It's fun to watch it again I'm out of my mind
9,The last one was really cool
10,It's a masterpiece that won't be in the SF genre again.
10,I watched it in 1991 at "The First Theater" in Sokcho. I can't believe it's been 29 years since I saw you in theaters.When I went to Sokcho for "Best Theater"... It became a small one-story storehouse and a wide parking lot.
10,The World Hall of Fame!
10,This movie is like a World Heritage Site
10,I almost got sick of it when Tichun came running... I'm sure there were a lot of people who had nightmares back then...
10,Everything is perfect
10,Can't you give me 12 points?  It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,the greatest film in human history
10,But why did Naver's movie change the subtitle of the registered title from "Judgment Day" to "Original" when this work was re-released?
10,It's not about Jiyoung. I think it's good for your mental health to watch this
6,It's as if the Bible is out. The director is a genius
10,It's a masterpiece. It's not tacky at all. It's fun.
10,I should have stopped here.
10,2 is definitely 2
10,Bold imagination and action
10,This movie will last for 100 years or 200 years
10,Hastaravista baby
10,(Singing "Doom Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece even after a long time!
10,Gae gae gae gae gae gae gae gae gae gae gae lol
10,It's so much fun even if you watch it again
9,It's 1991 but it's the best! I watched it at the theater today I will be back. I will be back. I look forward to the release in "Dark Fate."
10,How shocking and surprising it would have been to see it in theaters in the '90s. Power and tension that you couldn't feel on TV. Terminator is a masterpiece
10,The name James Cameron will tell you what kind of movie this is!내 Best work with my life metrics!
10,The fact that the sequel is worse than the previous one is never in front of Terminator 2! It doesn't work. I'm so lucky to see this movie in the theater.
10,I get goosebumps when I watch Sarah's corner in <Terminator 2> and Sarah's corner in <Terminator: Dark Fate>
10,a complete sequel to the original
10,There's no need for words.The best science fiction movie of all time.
10,This movie is the best
10,Even Baby Vista.
10,My life is divided into before and after watching Terminator 2.
9,I enjoyed it
4,Don't be fooled by 3D. It's a 2D movie
10,Here was a man's dream at the time
10,RBW! I'm coming back
10,The best movie of my life! Will I be able to see this kind of movie again?
8,Why is Megabox Cheongna so quiet?It feels like watching TV at home. This masterpiece
10,I don't have a movie that won yet
10,The best movie of my life
9,When I first saw him.It was the best...
10,Those of you who haven't seen this must watch it!This is what a movie is like.
10,a movie of old memories
10,The movie that's comparable to this is Alien 2? You're the best among SF9 members
10,This is really a movie. I don't know how many times I watch it.
10,SF films are divided into before and after Terminator
10,a masterpiece beyond the ages It's a masterpiece even if you look at it again.
10,Why is the movie industry regressing?
10,I watched it in my second year of high school and it's been 28 years since I saw it in 3D.The best masterpiece is a masterpiece even after 28 years. 28 years of CG is still awkward and not tacky. It's different if James Cameron makes it
10,Why is the audience so low?
10,I'm sick and tired of it
10,It's different from what I saw when I was young.I'm sure T2 is a masterpiece that will never surpass any blockbuster before or in the future.
10,Thrilling and fun
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I look at it. Isn't it almost addiction?
10,There's no need for words. You're the best
10,70s Star Wars 4//80s Indiana Jones/90s Terminator 2//00s Matrix.. I'll give you 10 points.
10,I don't need anything. Long live the governor
10,A movie that mankind should take
10,I watched it at the theater on the first day of its release. I bought tickets again and again. I watched it three times on the first day of its release. I can still feel the thrill and excitement ^^
10,I think it's a masterpiece that will go down in human history.
10,The best action movie of all time lol The color of 4k remastering is amazing
10,I watched the first movie of Terminator on TV and watched the second movie without any information.I thought that the second t1000 would be small and nice
10,Thumb is a sign to raise it
10,Terminator 2 is real!
10,A masterpiece without a scene to throw away
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't change no matter how much time changes
10,It was the best. " "A masterpiece"
10,Do you need a review?I don't need 100 stars
10,Action Blockbuster Textbook
10,Masterpiece!
10,The sound is already crazy~~
10,I don't think there's a movie with overwhelming reviews like this.Just reading the comments is touching and makes me cry.
10,This is the best of the best.
10,You're the best!
10,I binge watch to see Terminator Dark Fate.
10,I am playing CG because of this movie.
10,the shock of a timeless worldview a masterpiece
5,(Crying)
10,Masterpiece...乃
10,Aren't there a few people in the world who haven't seen this?
10,The scenes over there are CG? Who said that? You don't even know it and you call it CG? You made it yourself Look at the video clip of Terminator 2. It's not the best CG doesn't cost much to film!
10,The best! I think I've seen it more than 30 times in my life
10,The story of a terminator who came from the future as a group of sinners who are a civil sin that destroys mankind.
10,Is there anything I can do to get 10 points?
10,"I know why you're crying. Only humans can spill it."It was a famous line that touched my heart."
10,A masterpiece with greatness that only movies can show
10,A lot of supporting actors from Ariane 2 and Titanic
10,I still remember crying when I saw Terminator when I was young
10,I saw it now. Look at the year. It's a masterpiece
8,It was a bit boring because I saw the director's version. But at the time it would have been sensational content and graphics.
10,James Cameron is a genius.It's the best of his works.
10,The perfect blend of analog and digital
10,We watched more to celebrate the Dark Feast
10,It's a movie that contains not only attractions but also a message about humanity. Shocked at the time of release...
10,A movie that I watched in the 90s with my father to get sick of!It's a masterpiece that my father acknowledgedThe best movie of my life!
10,A masterpiece created under the impetus of all time
10,How can I rate this movie? Even young people born before this movie are not as good as current SF. A must-see masterpiece before you die!
10,Do you need words? It's just crazy.
10,This is the absolute perfect movie of science fiction.
10,a masterpiece without words
10,I was just going to review the dark matter before I saw it. The special effects are no joke. I wonder how this movie came out before the 2000s.
10,It's a masterpiece even if you look at it again!
10,It's a masterpiece. An interesting story is the best
9,It's an unforgettable masterpiece. The last scene is one of the masterpieces that I still remember
10,I can't imagine it being from '91.
10,The war between humans and machines. I'm looking forward to seeing SF action thriller re-released in 3D in a more realistic way
10,James Cameron's Terminator 2 will be re-released in 28 years! It'll be awesome if you watch it in 3D!
10,I'm looking forward to the re-release A masterpiece lol
10,I can't believe I can watch Terminator 2 in 3D again                I can't wait to see how the action scenes of the liquid metal robot T-1000 and Terminator will be expressed in 3D^^
10,It's a collaborative film with a subtle yet synergistic atmosphere with 3D screenings of old movies!
10,The re-release of the masterpiece's 3D remastering is like a gift to us
10,Masterpiece of SF movies
10,Immortal masterpiece is the best movie ever
10,^^ Best SF Movie Released in 3D ^^ It's the best movie in 30 years
10,Seeing Terminator 2 in 3D made me sick and tired. It was even better because it was shown in 3D on a wider screen. The production cost is $100 million to the point where I can't believe it was released 27 years ago! I couldn't forget the admiration for creating such a work with analog special effects rather than computer graphics and CG
10,I didn't expect to see Terminator 2 3D in the movie theater. I want to go see the 1991 movie in 3D because I think it will be upgraded and more sophisticated than before.~~
10,I'm really looking forward to seeing action legend again in 3D.I think you can have a different kind of fun than when you see it in 2D.
10,Trust me. Hastara Vista Baby.Will Be Back.
10,I wonder if there will be another movie that is better made than this movie by competing with Terminator
10,It's a great honor to be able to watch this movie in theaters again with the 3D re-release!
10,Almost everything we want from the SF genre. Terminator is back with 3D visual! l'll Be Back! Thank you for keeping that promise!
10,린다I'm looking forward to Linda's new album
10,I've heard of your reputation as a Terminator! I can't miss this opportunity to release in 3DI'm really looking forward to it!
10,A masterpiece is forever! Legend
10,Will there actually be a nuclear war like Judgment Day? What warning message does this film give us?
10,Terminator 2 3D I miss you so much
10,Terminator 2 is released in 3D! I'm really looking forward to seeing masterpieces in 3D just by looking at them.
10,I'm waiting for the movie I want to see.
10,I'm looking forward to Terminator 2 3d
10,A masterpiece! I'm really looking forward to it
10,Terminator 2. I'm looking forward to it
10,I can't believe it's 3D Hurry up and open it
10,I miss Terminator 2 so much
10,I'm looking forward to Terminator 2 3d. Harley Bike looks like a cool god.
10,Terminator 2 3D. Lean on me
10,It's fun. It's thrilling
10,I'm looking forward to Terminator to Hridi
10,I was looking forward to Terminator 2 3d
10,It would've been a legend if it ended here. James Cameron deserves to sob
10,I'm really looking forward to Terminator 2 3D
10,Terminator 2 3d I'm looking forward to it
10,It's a great movie. It'll be fantastic
8,I'm so excited!It's working. Let's pick one
10,I'm looking forward to seeing Terminator 2 3d
10,I think it's going to be so much funA movie you can trust and watch
10,Good. I'm looking forward to it. Fighting!
10,Terminator 2 is a masterpiece that's fun to watch and beyond everyone's imagination! I still can't forget the ending scene ^^
10,The Return of Legendary Masterpieces! And 3D! You have to watch this!
10,I can't believe you're recreating the feeling of seeing Terminator 2 in 3D. I'm getting goosebumps!
10,It's the best SF textbook even after a long timeWe're back in 3D!I'll be back! As expected!
10,Do you want to fall in love with the Arnold Schwarzenegger action of Terminator who came back alive?
10,I will watch the best movie of my life again. Let's fill October with Terminator
10,What's a masterpiece for those who get 1 point?
10,It's not a movie. It's the national treasure of the United States
10,This is what a movie is like. Movies
10,It's the best even if you watch it again Recommendation
8,Terminator 2 in 3D. Look forward to it.  I like Terminator 2 the most.
10,Vida**** gave a score of 1 point to everyone got 1 point. an attention seeker
10,I can't believe it was a movie 30 years ago.  I'll eat up all the movies this year
10,I think I'll give 10 points to aliens
10,A movie that makes your heart flutter just by listening to music
10,Why don't you re-release the original poster? It's kind of third-rate
9,The movie was really shocking after watching it through a videotape that my father borrowed during the Lunar New Year holiday in 1992. It is a very interesting movie even now. The series that came out later... I don't even want to mention it.
10,What more do you need to say?
10,First opening at Daegu Hanil Theater. Future battlefield skull bam! I don't know when you step on it.And is it a ten-minute movie?I don't think I've ever seen it go by so quickly
7,The final version of the series or the thumbs-up is cliche
10,I won't explain Just look
10,It's been 20 years since I was born
10,The greatest masterpiece of mankind!
10,The immortal sf movie will remain a classic forever
10,My childhood imagination starts with this movie!
10,Make sure you go to the movies before you die
10,How many times did I watch it on 29-inch Anam Analog TV?
10,I feel like I have to run away when I'm chased by the T-1000.
10,It's my favorite movie of my life
10,A masterpiece of the 20th century. Forever in the 21st century
10,A movie that everyone can be satisfied with
10,The 1991 movie "SKINET" is becoming a reality
10,How in the world is this movie 28 years ago? (Shaking)
10,It's a genius art
10,It's a movie that I don't feel inferior to the ones that come out these days
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times
10,It's the best movie. No words needed!
10,No words needed. Re-release number three tells us how many will be released in the future
10,It will be the best movie ever.
10,a monumental masterpiece of timeless science fiction movies
10,The movie itself is just god
10,Robert Patrick is the T-1000 itself
10,How can this be a 1991 movie?
10,I've been seeing you for a few times a year after year
10,I think I've seen it hundreds of times.
10,I watch it every time they rerun it on TV
10,More powerful sequel!!!
10,The last thumbs up scene tells everything.
10,One of the most interesting movies I've ever seen in my life.
10,The greatest masterpiece. The best movie that can be produced in the action genre
10,Hastaravista baby
10,Permanent Absence of 20th Century SF Movies
10,It's as good as 2019 too
10,You have to give him 10 points no matter what!
10,Immortal film. I don't need another word.
10,Does this movie's rating require an explanation?
10,It's a masterpiece that's not tacky at all
10,It's an incredible movie that I don't understand how they made this kind of movie in '91
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words. My heart still flutters
10,There is no need for explanation. What should I say?
1,Clark Bull Plan to Accelerate Introduction to Public International Law
10,Story tension. Actors' high-quality acting skills. 10 out of 10 CGs!
10,Such a masterpiece... I can't believe it was made when I was 20 years old.
10,There's no need for words. Just look
10,I hope you can re-release the best masterpiece of your life
10,No current director can make such a movie except James Cameron himself.
10,You did a great job It is much better than Korean movies now
10,It's been a while
10,It's been a while since I saw it in the middle of the show. It's been a long time since you've played it in movies these days.It's been a while since I watched "Movie."
10,There's a reason why people say this and that about everything
10,Terminator 2 > Avengers Series
10,an inexplicable masterpiece
10,I can't believe a movie from 28 years ago is this bad. It's much higher than the Avengers now. Let's leave Korean movies out of the question.
10,The greatness of James Cameron.
10,It's definitely the best movie of my life
1,The balance must be maintained
10,I'm ashamed to comment on this movie.
10,The best movie of the 20th century
10,I didn't leave a rating. I had a lot of fun watching it
10,The best movie of my life! Director James Cameron is a true genius.
10,Alien 2 and Terminator 2 are James Cameron's most memorable films in history.
10,Interesting. Ideas are good. Janice's gone too far. Robots can't evolve that much
10,You're the best. You're the best
10,I miss the time when liquid metal humans were amazed by the computer graphics technology coming up from the floor.
7,Edward Furlong was so popular back then
10,Do you need words? LOL
10,I don't need to say anything
10,The best thumbs up left as a legend
10,a bible in science fiction a true masterpiece A work that would not be a waste of any modifier. One of the biggest films in film history.  This movie is a legend itself.
10,T-1000 is the ultimate villain
10,I will be back. This is a real famous line
10,The act of scoring is meaningless. A movie you must watch before you die.  an immortal masterpiece
10,Best science fiction movie ever. an original screenplay novelThere are no sci-fi films that compare with Star Wars.
10,It's just the best. Awesome
10,I watched it again when I was 40. It's a masterpiece. I'm crying
10,No words needed. A true masterpiece
10,It's good. The best movie of my life
10,It's a perfect movie. Best masterpiece
10,Masterpiece of Sf Water. It's so much fun no matter what
10,The movie I watched 50 times since I was in middle school
10,Is this what you'really? Chungmuro Road
10,This movie is a miracle. https://youtu.be/VKnMM66XJTE
10,The best SF movie of my life is Alien 2 and this movie.
10,Legendary 10-point SF movie
10,Wow... Really... Wow...
10,What do I need to say? I'm sorry I didn't get 100 points
10,How many times did you see her in elementary school? Haha
10,Best in the Terminator series!
10,It's a masterpiece that those who haven't seen it must see.It's a masterpiece.
10,Edward Furlong's heyday ♥
10,It's a masterpiece. Really
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in my life
10,It's the greatest sense of immersion in history.
10,A masterpiece that needs no words
9,You don't need to say anything. Just watch it
10,I think a fun movie is a movie that I can't get tired of even after watching it many times. This movie is that movie
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's fun no matter how many times I watch it and there's no time to get bored
10,Wow! I think it's the best even if I look at it again
10,The best movie of my life...I'm the only one in the movie
10,I'm sure there will be no more movies with this kind of sentiment. Forever masterpiece for people stuck in the analog and digital generation
10,It is the best movie in my life for 30 years.
10,It's a legend among masterpieces that you can't get enough of even after watching it hundreds of times
10,The father of an action movie. Korean movies can't even keep up with this movie 27 years ago
10,There is no better movie
10,It's a legendary movie that I regret watching.
10,It's so much fun. You can trust and watch it
10,It's a movie that tells you that this is what a masterpiece is
10,the greatest work of CameroonI'll watch it again tonight.
10,the greatest masterpiece of James Cameron
10,A movie that I watch every time I think about it until I die.Legend
10,There are few masterpieces 2 that go over 1. This movie is one of the masterpieces
10,I'm looking forward to Terminator 6
10,a masterpiece among the greatest of all time SF movie textbook. Visual and directing skills that aren't awkward at all
10,The best movie of my life. I miss my childhood
10,Will this level of creativity come out in life at that time?  How creative are the critics?
10,T2 is the two biggest mountains of science fiction with the Matrix
10,I've been waiting for another masterpiece like this
10,It's a masterpiece and masterpiece that hasn't changed over time. Director James Cameron is such an amazing person!
10,It's a fun movie to watch again
10,The best movie in the world.I want to erase my memory and see it again as if I'm seeing it for the first time.
10,a movie that will go down in history
10,.Terminator series is here
10,The Terminator series should have ended here
10,Setting and technology that I can't believe was a '91 movie
10,Will I be able to watch this kind of movie again?
10,Terminator 2... You were my teenage self...
10,The movie that compares to this is Titanic
10,You're really the best! My favorite movie
10,It is an honor to grade the legend. This movie is a legend.
10,It's perfect except for the flirty acting.
10,Don't look at it It's so much fun
9,If he had gone to Predator 2 instead of Terminator 2... Shaking his head
9,Liquid metal is by far the best villain character I know.
10,I can't believe it's been almost 30 years
10,I still remember how scared I was when I saw him running as a villain
10,Terminator 2 Matrix 1 is not even available at 20OOO
10,I've never seen a movie whose sequel was this perfect.I can't get enough of the best movie I've seen hundreds of course.
10,What do you need to say?
10,The best science fiction movie of my life
10,A perfect action movie in everything. No. 1 movie of my life
10,There's no need for words. You're just the best
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen
10,......perfect!
10,The director is a genius. bb
10,Schwarzenegger is the eternal terminator in my heart
10,My favorite movie...I can say it's the best.
10,It's not a movie. It's art
10,Entertainment movies better than 1.
10,The movie where I talked about the plot with a girl I liked
10,I've never seen a villain as charismatic as T-1000
10,It was the best. I was riding the motorcycle that the kid used to ride
10,I want to say that it's one of the best SF movies
10,Touching! Fun! Thrilled! It's rare to see movies that give away everything! The best movie ever!
10,It's a masterpiece that mixes SF action movies with human dramas
10,The greatest masterpiece of this era!
10,The reason why this is a masterpiece more than 1 is because it is sentimental to robots
10,A masterpiece that will go down in history forever
8,Legendary work of the Terminator series of crude sensibilities. The confrontation between AI and humans is an idea that is ahead of the times and draws a deep darkness.
10,20th century masterpiece itself
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,One of the movies that I keep watching
10,It's my first time crying after watching an SF movie.It's fun and touching
10,I know it's boring for a second
10,I came to give you stars. I didn't even have 10 points. I won first place in the movie of old memories
10,I've never seen such a immersive movie before.
10,It's fun to watch it a few timesI think it's a masterpiece
10,I'm sorry I'm 90 points short.
10,Just by making the last thumbs up into a brand.
10,The best movie is so much fun
10,The best movie I've ever seen.The best robot I've ever seen is Terminator BBB
10,The best luck I ever met when I was 6 years old!
10,It's cool even now!
10,The best masterpiece of my life.
10,There is no need for words. Evaluation itself is impossible.
10,Cameron's Terminator 1 and 2 are not just science fiction movies but horror movies. A robot that follows no matter how many times you run away. I don't think there is a movie that captures such a scary and simple chase that there is no end to.
10,I want to go back to when I first saw this movie. crying
10,I can't believe it's from 1991
9,It is a movie that can get a good evaluation even if it has a good story.
10,The best SF movie of my life
10,It's always the best. It's always new
10,I know why you're crying.
10,All the other films of the same genre have been turned into children.
10,10 points is definitely the best!
10,Masterpiece!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@
10,My eternal Terminator... a masterpiece beyond description
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me want to find out and kill the terrorists
10,Solka Terminator 2 needs to be remastered for 16kvr Alien 2 is the only movie that can rival this work.
10,I hope everyone in the world watches this
10,Wow... I can't speak.
10,I get goosebumps whenever I listen to the OST of the best movie of my life
10,No words needed. 10 points
10,No words needed! Shut up and recommend.
10,James Cameron is a real genius.
10,The best SF action is the best
10,There's no need for words OOO Korean Film Tombs Comparison of Human Heritage
10,a legendary masterpiece to be remembered forever
10,The Beginning of James Cameron's Legend
10,This movie is so cool.Miss.
10,The best sci-fi movie that will never come out again
10,Do I need to say something?
10,A fun movie you again.
10,A masterpiece... I don't need any more expression...
10,A well-made movie from now on
10,Any compliment is not enough.
10,A movie that human beings should watch before they die
10,Movies are the essence of entertainment
10,It's fun to watch it on TV several times
10,A masterpiece of fun and thrill. No words needed
10,Is this movie the movie that created the best scene of the thumb?
10,A scary masterpiece that can't be evaluated without 10 points
10,a masterpiece of the century
9,This is fun...  Make sure to watch it.
10,I watched it again on Omelette Voyage and it's still so much fun.
10,This movie is a masterpiece made by humans by accidentally invading the realm of God
10,Can you give me 100 out of 10?
10,This is the end of the SF liquid line.
10,Totally~~~♥♥♥Arnold is so cool
10,The first movie I watched twice at a movie theater
10,There is no need for words.
10,I wish there was a robot like Terminator
10,I've never had a masterpiece like this in my life since Terminator 1 and 2. I want to give you 20 stars
10,This movie is thrillingshivering
10,Masterpiece...I can't forget the last breath of a black doctor.
10,This one needs to go to the museum
9,Surprised because it's so fast
10,a masterpiece made by God  What else?..
10,Do you need words? Just look
8,It's a good movie Not as good as Shawshank
10,Isn't it one of the textbooks for action movies?
10,It's the best ♡♡♡. ♡♡♡ Totally awesome
10,It's a masterpiece. A movie that stays in my heart
10,The Terminator series ended here. The later works are just Hollywood action movies with a name on them
7,A classic but action movie.
10,I think I've seen this masterpiece more than 30 times
1,Don't watch "Gae-no-fun" and "Hyung Hwa"
10,It's the best movie ever. It's a legendary masterpiece
10,The best science fiction movie.The last scene makes me cry
10,The best science fiction movie of the 90s with Jurassic Park 1.
10,Wordsless movie of my life
9,The best SF movie of my life is always so much fun even now from kindergarten!
10,A masterpiece that should go to the Hall of Fame!
10,Just... There's no need for words.
10,A movie that doesn't need words
10,This is a real successful sequel. Such a great movie
10,a masterpiece from God I can't get enough of it.
10,It's just fun to watch now
10,What do I need to say...
10,There is no need for words.
10,It's such a waste of 10 points the greatest masterpiece of mankind
9,an awesome masterpiece needless words
10,I'm so sad that I can only give you 10 points It's like the latest movie again
9,The second movie is more fresh than the first one. There is not much difference.
10,I'm touched even when I see it again!
10,The movie that will come true...
10,I don't want to forget to take this movie out of my external hard drive once a year. Why? It's a masterpiece
1,The rating is too high
10,There's no way to describe this
9,I cried because of T-800.A movie 20 years ago.I can't believe it
10,Masterpiece of a masterpiece...This movie is legendary
10,It's one of the few episodes that's better than the first one
9,It's a new name
10,A masterpiece. No other words are necessary.
10,The best movie of my life is still lingering
10,One of the few true masterpieces...
10,The most famous of Terminator
10,Thank you for making this movie.
10,Everything's perfect. You can't relax for a second
10,A collection of 20th century CGs. The film's stunning visual feast still works.
10,Astala Vista Baby
10,This is from the 90's and it's a graphic novel
10,Blade Runner and Turner 2 are the best movies ever!
10,Wow... They're so good... It's so well made that there's no need for words. The lesson is clear. It's such a good movie
10,The only movie I've seen about 20 times
10,one of the few movies that is still interesting
10,The best movie I've ever seen as a teenager is Dead Poet Society and Terminator 2
10,The movie that excited me when I was a kid...So will my child.
9,Revolutionary creativity itself beyond innovation
10,Let's acknowledge what we have to admit! The best movie of my life
10,I saw the walking SF textbook 3 times
10,No words needed.10 characters
10,I can't express it in words. 10 points is not enough
10,Sf legend itself.No words needed
9,I can't take my eyes off of this
10,It's amazing that action movies of this quality came out in the early 90s
10,00001 as the first one
10,You're just 10 out of 10
10,Legendary work that marked a milestone in 20th century science fiction film history
10,Judgement Day is a masterpiece
10,T1 The shocking new work of the time T2 The masterpiece of the century T3 The masterpiece that trampled on the enemy T4 The masterpiece that succeeded in coming back T5 The worst one that made the main character John OO wherever he went
10,Tears welled up every time I watch and watch TV shows. So touching.
10,It's a movie that won't be outdated even if you watch it 10 years later or 50 years or 50 years later
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,You can't come out in the world again.
8,I'm not that... Edward Furlong is handsome That little girl is so wise
10,A movie that comes out once in a hundred years without words
10,The first movie that comes to mind when it comes to the past and the future
10,It's the best without the obvious Cg
10,a masterpiece without words There can be no more masterpieces than this
10,I watched it more than 10 times.
10,Why don't we have 100 points?
10,Arnold and Terminator 2.A masterpiece of a masterpiece...It's the best
10,The best movie! Scenario video! There's nowhere to be found
10,It's legendary
9,Who's going to insult this masterpiece?
10,I happened to see you again today.It's so funny every time I see it.I paused while changing channels before I went to bed.I've lost track of time.4:30 in the morning... I have to go to work.Haha
10,My favorite movie when I was young...I can't get enough of masterpieces
10,No words needed... Best...I can't get enough of it
10,I still remember the last moment
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's a masterpiece that dominated an era with the genre of SF. I don't think it's going to come out this far...
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,Isn't it the greatest masterpiece of human cinema?
10,How many times have I seen the best movie in my life?My memory
10,It's still fun to watch and watch the legendary SF movie science fiction.
10,Legend Of Legend
10,The only masterpiece that can deal with Lee Dong-joon's Clementine.
9,"Question and answer dance..."
10,I love this movie. 10 letters
10,9.4? Are you kidding me? It should be at least 9.8 or higher
10,The best movie of my life
10,How can a movie like this be a masterpiece in this era?
10,I think it'll be the best movie of my life
10,It's overwhelming. The new world of robots
10,It's not a movie to rate recklessly.
10,A movie for real tough guys...
10,I shouldn't have changed the ending.
10,The best movie of all genres!
10,James Cameron's best science fiction action movie...  That's Alien 2
10,How dare you judge this movie in existing language.It is arrogance.
10,It's not a movie that the public or critics will grade. a film of all time without likes or dislikes
10,It's always the best work!
10,I took off the sound and cried while wearing my underwear
10,It's amazing! All the scenes...
9,I saw the older version of the T1000 in Foxmead Scorpion. How old is this movie?
10,The word "masterpiece" isn't a waste. It's the best masterpiece that's not childish
10,Is this possible? Legend
10,The best movie of my life.  James Cameron made a movie that humans cannot make.
10,Do you need words or words?
10,The most memorable movie I watched when I was young. Then I became a fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger Hah!
10,It's a movie that gives me goosebumps every time I watch it!
10,It's a legendary masterpiece!
10,I acknowledge that it's a masterpiece crying
10,The greatest masterpiece. The greatest masterpiece
10,The movie that made the thumbs up icon for those who are now
1,It's an old-fashioned movie.
10,The person who doesn't give 10 points is the person who hasn't seen the movie
10,It's a masterpiece of action.
10,A movie that just doesn't need words.
10,It's the best movie in my life that doesn't get boring even if I watch it 10 times
10,A masterpiece should be treated as a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,the only film far superior to the first
1,I fell asleep three seconds before the movie started. A very sleepy movie
10,It's a movie that's sad that I couldn't watch it in the theater because I was so young
10,One of the few movies I still remember that I watched with my dad when I was young
10,Respect for the director. Human heritage
10,The movie of countless people's lives!
10,I don't need to say much. My favorite movie
10,That's great. The Terminator shock I saw when I was a kid. Top
10,I didn't get an average of 10 points because of the guy who gave me 9 points. How can I get 1 point for cutting a few meaningless scenes?
10,A masterpiece. A masterpiece. A legendary masterpiece
1,A common action movie. Overrated.
10,It's the best. It's a really well-made movie~~
10,an unprecedented masterpiece It's so much fun even now.
10,I was born in 1982. I haven't felt the emotions that pour out while watching this movie for the first time in other movies yet.
9,I wonder when I'll get sick of movies that are always fun
10,A masterpiece is a word used to refer to a movie like this
10,Why James Cameron can fight Steven Spielberg
10,It's a legend from 1991
10,I was scared of bad robots when I was young
10,Designate the modifier as a meaningless relic of the film industry.
10,It's a masterpiece! It's my favorite movie!
10,I'm so proud that it's the best movie ever
10,The best SF action movie ever.
10,Best movie that made water fall from my eyes as the best masterpiece of my life OO award macho man There is still one reason to be alive if you didn't watch this movie.
10,Thank you. Again and again
10,There are some scenes edited after remastering in HD quality. But the best value remains the same.
10,The number one action movie in my heart. The 1.5th is Mad Max's Black & Chrome version. The 2nd is Mad Max
10,I think I've seen it like 50 times so far. The best t2 I've ever seen is a revolution...
10,a masterpiece ahead of its time
10,Such movies should be taught in textbooks with Da Vinci Picasso.
10,The characters' personalities and actions are all the best!
9,I don't need words for the best sf movie of the time
10,the greatest masterpiece of all time
10,I was immersed in the movie until the end.
10,The scene where you pass through the metal bars was a ridiculous graphic technique at the time
10,a textbook for science fiction movies Let's worship!
10,What words are needed. It's the only movie I can give 10 points to
10,I was really scared of liquid metal humans when I was young
10,It's James Cameron's best work
10,This movie deserves to be called a legend!A must-see masterpiece if you want a fantastic collaboration of action and emotion!
10,People who can't speak English when they meet foreigners around them know what movie "I will be back" is from. Aren't you done talking?
10,Immortal legend. Shivers and tears just thinking about it.
10,Don't raise an objection.
10,The most interesting movie in history...Will this be enough?
10,I don't think there will be any sf beyond this movie.
10,Terminator 2...
10,Will there be a movie that surpasses this movie in this century?
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,I think I've seen it more than 100 times
10,It is a legend of SF that boldly broke the conventional wisdom that it is difficult to pass through the previous series.
10,I still can't forget the movie I felt when I was in elementary school
10,I think it is a very well made movie... http://cafe.naver.com/grayd0tbe/846
8,I think it's something a man wanted to be or see with his eyes
10,What do I need to say?
10,There will never be a better movie than this one
10,There will never be a movie that surpasses
10,Will I ever see a movie like this again?
10,The best movie of my life I've ever seen.
10,Culture! Legendary!
10,This is a masterpiece
5,The trivial story was bound to be embellished as a raucous spectacle. The same narration that treats the audience as a child also reveals the director's inexperience. The final scene into the furnace became a masterpiece for John Connor by creating a dilemma on the personal and super-personal levels.
10,It's one of the best movies of my life
10,A movie that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,No words needed. It's a masterpiece of the times.
10,A masterpiece that is impeccable both in storytelling and action.
10,The movie made me realize that "Human Emotions While Watching a Movie" can reach this much.       It's a human heritage
10,This is what "movie" is like.
10,A masterpiece that will remain in the history of science fiction.
10,Shouldn't you be over 9.90? I save it on Naver Cloud and play it on my phone when I get bored.
10,I'll be back! Thumbs up! Tada! Tada! Tada! Tada! 1.2 is a masterpiece...
10,Would it look too insincere if I wrote "No need for words"? I'll fix it when I think of it later.
10,I Will Be Back is cool.
10,James Cameron! What more do you need?
10,There can be no sequel more than this. But you're ruining your reputation from the third.
10,an immortal masterpiece that can't come out again
10,It's a movie of my life that I can't get enough of even if I watch it a hundred times
9,The best science fiction film ever produced by man
10,The best movie of my life. bbbb
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,There's no need for words.The best movie of all time
10,This movie is a legend.
10,I want to watch a movie againHave a nice day
8,There's a second part that's more fun than the first one!
10,a truly motherless film
10,Best! I can't find less than 10 points in the comments.
10,I think I've seen him like 30 times since I was in elementary school.Top
10,There's a real name for it
10,The Terminator series ended in 2.
10,The sequel is one of the few masterpieces that surpasses the previous one.
10,The scene where you pass through the metal bars and get a pistol caught
10,one of the highest levels of technological aesthetics that a film can reach
9,The bible of cyborg movies that left a lot of great scenes.
10,A work that gives a definition of what classical music is!
10,Terminator 2 is like a jewel as time goes by.I can't put it into words. Hmm...I just want to erase the memory of Terminator 2 and watch it again.
10,Tominators 1 and 2 are the most artistic
1,Hmm. Making...This isn't it
10,Immortal masterpiece... I'm sick of the last scene
10,a fairly well-made film
10,Best. This is a masterpiece
10,Synth of Institute.
10,The best movie is about Terminator 2.
10,This is a true cosmic masterpiece. Film directors these days should reflect on themselves!
10,I envy those who haven't seen it yet.
10,....~~~~^^ Of course you should give me 10 points
10,I know why the movie "Terminator" is called "Terminator"
10,If I have to say so...
10,It's the best even if I watch it again... I'll watch it again if I do
10,The best! The best! The best! The best!
10,The best blockbuster I've ever seen. Both entertaining and cinematic qualities are perfect.
10,The best action SF movie of my life.
10,God-minator is the best!
10,Eighties Alien290s Terminator2 is a job. The only thing that's new is the Matrix.yes
10,The best science fiction that doesn't need words. Even a blind manoeuvre falls short of this movie
10,It's the best movie in human history. It's based on all the action movies. It's a touching movie. It's a really lingering movie
10,Great movie. It is faithful to the original role and function of the movie 'The Fun of Watching'.
1,I can't believe I've seen it on the East and West thought assignment -_-
10,This is how the sequel should be made
10,Terminator 2? It was the best movie I know ^^
10,It's really well made. A million times better than the clumsy movies these days.
10,It was made in 1991 but will continue to be a great masterpiece after centuries.
10,I think this movie is the best legend with everything ♡
10,The cold T-850 heated my heart.
10,Arnold is the best terminator.
10,I need words...! It's so much fun. Watch it before you die
10,It's one of the things that I believe will never come out in my life that will capture two moving action rabbits this perfectly
10,It was so much fun. This is a movie.
10,This is the best This is a masterpiece
10,I can't believe it was made in 1991
10,I miss those days.
10,I can't believe I just saw this.
9,What if they don't know how to watch a movie?
10,Howling... I acknowledge that it's a masterpiece
10,The last scene is coming back
10,T-1000 is a good move
10,I can see why you're crying. Only humans can spill it.
10,AlphaGo's Proof of the Movie
1,It's been a while since I slept while watching a movie
10,If Cameron finishes this series...
10,Terminator 12 doesn't really need words
10,Best masterpiece. There's no more Terminator.
10,Will a movie like this come out again before I die?I pay tribute to James Cameron
10,It is the best movie on earth.Why can't we make a movie this big in this day and age?
10,Terminator 2 is not just saying that it's the best. Watch for yourself from 1 to 2.
10,You must see thisI need to learn Korean movies
10,The most crazy movie in the world is love even if you watch it a million times.
10,It's the best movie. My movie ranking is forever No.1
10,The best action production of all time.
10,It was fun. It doesn't feel like an old movie
10,The number one movie I've ever seen. It's a renamented from the bottom of my heart. Different scale. Different class from OST
10,This is what a masterpiece is
10,I can't believe this was a movie 20 years ago. Everything is perfect and sophisticated. It's a masterpiece! I'm glad I saw you now. :)
10,The greatest treasure in the history of movies...
10,I still remember when I was young and cheap
1,Emotions because it's cheating. That's one point. It's such a masterpiece
10,You're the best! Arnold is the best!
10,It's not a movie. It's art
10,The best hahaha sometimes I don't get sick of it.
10,Something that will remain in the history of movies...
10,I had no choice but to drag it out in the last scene Holy Father Arnold of Koganji...
10,It's the only movie that found me screaming and admiring even though it's a technology that's not as good as it is now!lol
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 10 times or 100 times! I confidently recommend it to those who are tired of cheap Korean movies!
1,It's fun. But the ratings aren't right
10,I was panicking for a few days after watching this movie
10,Who gives you a point for not being funny?
9,A movie that's good to watch again
10,The movie was really interesting.
1,That's too much. 8 is good enough
10,It was so much fun and I was moved
10,The best action movie ever!
10,I'm going to give you 10 points.
10,I can't believe it was a movie from the '90s
1,Why are you sucking and jacking? I really don't understand
10,Just shut up. It's a masterpiece
10,How long have you been waiting for the poster?It's a great movie
10,the greatest postwar masterpiece of his time
10,There is no need for words.
10,I remember it was the best movie ever
10,One point from the work of the century
10,Say it! It's the best masterpiece
10,It's the best. I don't need words
10,I think I've seen it more than 20 times.  No more words needed
1,Are you kidding me?
9,This movie is called a masterpiece. It's fun no matter how many times you watch it
10,Sf movies are like this.
10,It was a really shocking movie.
1,I have nothing to say~~~
10,Can you give me 100 points?^^
10,The ancestor and legacy of SF movies
10,The best sequel! Action movie Bible!
10,OCN does this often. Why? Is it fun every time you see it? I really think this is a movie LOL
10,Arnold's pose is always shaking.crying
10,It's really a masterpiece even if I look at it's a masterpiece
10,I will back... the best movie...
10,the greatest masterpiece of 20th century science fiction
10,I ended up watching the whole series as soon as I saw it
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,I remember being shocked when I was young
1,Let's lower it a bit. It's not number one
5,Memories buff. Just an entertainment movie.
10,It's not on my favorite movie list. This isn't a movie.
10,The perfume that I've been working on since I was young
10,It's a movie that feels bad even if you give me 10 points
10,You can see how the release of Terminator 2 affected Hollywood SF action by searching a little. Twentieth century sf movies are divided into two categories: before and after the release of Terminator 2.
10,The masterpiece of the century with "Back to the Future" series
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words.
10,Movie that I enjoyed when I was young ^^
10,Do you need to say 10 points?
10,Best cast of Arnold's heyday
10,It is deplorable that there are only ten stars
10,I can't forget the tremor when I come out of the theater.
10,Terminator 1 and 2. Don't mess with Terminator
10,I think it's the best movie in the Terminator series
10,A movie from '91. I don't need any more explanation. T-1000 is the best creation.
10,a masterpiece of unparalleled masterpieces
10,God's Movie Made by God of Directors
10,The director James Cameron is really great.
10,It's the best masterpiece that made me feel realistic. It's a movie that's always fun and never gets tired of watching it many times. It's the best!
10,Terminator 2 should be classified as an objective criterion to evaluate all future movies of the same genre. The problem is that there is no movie that can overcome this standard.
10,It's a masterpiece beyond the times.
10,James Cameron he is a genius
10,It's always in my heart
10,I made you log in. Legend of the movie industry! Masterpiece of masterpieces!
10,I'll give you 10 points. 10 characters
10,I logged in to give you 10 points.
10,The best movie ever 12345
10,The best SF masterpiece of the time where you can feel the beauty of the 1980s and 90s.
10,No words needed. Best movie ever
10,Mythical movie~ Terminator should have ended here.
8,..I don't really know. So I don't know
10,There is no robot movie to follow Terminator 2.
10,The movie that comes to mind more after watching Terminator 5
10,It must be a masterpiece...
10,What kind of fun do the people who gave this movie a point watch?
10,There is no need for words. You're the best!
10,The highest dignity... no words needed
10,There's no need for words. Even the wind is shaking
10,I don't feel repulsed. It's old
10,This cured my cancer.
10,This is just a legend in the movie legend
10,The best movie I'll never forget... When Sarah Connor was in her prime
10,I can't believe a movie of this kind came out in this era
10,I want to praise you for creating a real worldview
10,There's a reason why it's been released three times
10,I think it's the best in the Terminator series.
10,Terminator is a masterpiece
10,The turning point of SF movies. I skipped school and I was touched
10,It's like a movie that has reached the state of God without words
10,The movie that came out in 1991 is also active in theaters in 2015
10,Why are you sitting on the graphics in a movie that's been going on for almost years?
10,"'Break down ten million children in Anfield.
10,It's a masterpiece.  Should I say that this movie is like a Bible when I was in school?
10,Terminator is a legend
10,It's better not to have a terminator after that. This is the peak.
10,It's a movie where you can see how important the director is
10,There will be no masterpieces beyond this movie in the future.
10,Ten stars exist for a movie like this
10,It's a masterpiece
10,The only thing I can say is that it's the best in my life
10,A masterpiece that exclaims even after a long time
10,I didn't doze off the whole time. I was so focused
10,It's a masterpiece. The actors are so cool
1,He's below the Lord of the Lord of the Lord of the Rings
10,It's a weird movie that doesn't have a perfect score
10,Was it Cheonho-dong Theater that I saw at the same time?The intense video and shock that I saw in my adolescence is still vivid even after 24 years
10,The funniest movie in the world. That's it.
10,Let's go over 9.40.
10,It's amazing that we made this much out of DOS in the early '90s. The works that I couldn't even think of as graphics at the time... People who curse and people who are young.It's a big game.This is a real legend
10,I watched Terminator Genesis again because I was disappointed. This is definitely Terminator
8,t-1000 is really creepy.
10,the greatest work of all time I don't need another word.
10,You sat on this movie talking legend-- this is a myth
10,There are no more movies. It's the best
10,the most perfect film ever to rule a movie in the world
10,This movie is a great treasure.  I want to worship.
10,Cameron's author is crazy in a word. How can you make a piece like this? a questionable writer
1,I like Leon more...
8,It's actually a work that completes the Terminator series. The series that will follow will all be connected to this work. Even though it's almost 20 years old.
10,This is legendary. I think I've seen it dozens of times.
10,I watched it again recently. It's a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life. I saw this in the movie theater
10,It was amazing and amazing to know that this great work was made in 1991. I don't think I'll be able to see this painting until I die.
10,When she disappears into the lava...I remember watching the video that I recorded when I was young
10,Legend... It's a renaming.
9,It was fun. I think Terminator is fun up to here
7,I think it was a normal movie
10,I don't think this kind of movie will ever come out again
10,10 out of 10! 10 out of 10
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,This doesn't need words. There are no shortcomings. Why Terminator is so much better than Avengers released in 2015 and Terminator released in 1991
10,Let's compare this movie 20 years later with seven lights that came out just a few years ago
10,12 out of 10...
10,It was the greatest work of my lifeCan this kind of work be made again?
10,I watched it three or four times because they played it on TV during the exam period. It's fun even if you watch it ten times.
10,I cried... At the end...
10,The best movie of all!!!! The best imagination!
10,I didn't know my GPA was this high
10,I don't need to say anything.
10,a work that has become the textbook of a post-Star Wars film
10,I was lucky to watch this movie late! It's a masterpiece!
10,A masterpiece that I want to see again and again
8,A masterpiece that showed that 2 can be more fun than 1
10,There's a reason why it's being re-released
10,I'll see you in 10 years^^
10,John Connor was handsome and Terminator was cool.
10,My favorite movie
10,There are a lot of great movies from the 90s
10,This is a masterpiece!$
10,It was so much fun that I watched while shaking my legs.
10,Terminator 2 is the first movie that made me know and like Seo Arnold
10,You're asking me to give you a review. How? It's just the truth
10,What kind of girl lost one point? 9.88 It's annoying. Delete it is a request.
10,Netizens with low ratings are abnormal!
10,Watch it when you have a chance. And don't forget to keep it on DVD
1,I don't understand... I think it's just childish
10,What do you need to say?
8,It's a masterpiece with a lot of impact and a lot of great scenes
9,I'll give you 9 points for the overall score.
10,I really enjoyed it without boredom.I think it's a masterpiece
8,James Cameron 1991
10,A good movie to watch 100 years later
10,Best movie. Do you need up to 10 words...
10,Why isn't it 10 points?
10,The reason why I still can't throw away LD player. It's because I have a fancy luxury T2LD from the case. One of the luxury goods that I don't get tired of seeing over 50 times
10,The best movie of my life is new and touching every time I watch it
10,End of Terminator Series
10,a film that will go down in human history
10,HAHALOL is the best
10,It's not worth getting 100 stars
10,A masterpiece. It's fun to watch again
10,No need for words. This is the best movie ever
10,What's the fun thing about watching it so many times?
9,The best science fiction thriller. That's it for the real Terminator. The sanest decision in this insane world. Termination & Self-termination.
10,A masterpiece that fits the word perfection
10,The best movie of my life. A movie that can't be played again
10,One of the top 5 movies in my life is SF and action movies
10,I can't believe it's from the '90s
10,I've seen it more than 5 times Brother Arnold...
10,One of the few movies in a series that goes beyond the original.
9,a film that doesn't disappoint
10,the beginning of a legend
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words~~ It's totally shocking between liquids
10,Terminator 2 is fun^^
10,This is the real deal!
10,Movies are about making the future
10,a sequel as good as the previous one a still masterpiece
9,It's fun. But it's not 1st place
10,Arnold's unique awkward line processing played a rather huge role. Like a real robot. The cast of this movie is a great luck for both the movie and the actor.
10,Terminator 2 is the best work ever!
10,The Terminator is Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,Terminator 2 is a masterpiece that will be remembered forever
10,The best movie in SF
10,What words do I need?The shock of the day I watched it until the video tape got longer
10,Terminator Score 9.4 Over Project
10,A movie that lacks 10 points is a masterpiece that I can't believe it was made 25 years ago
10,Let's be thankful that there's a movie like this
10,See you!
10,It's fun. It's crazy
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece.
10,I cried again in the last scene. It's been a long time since I cried after watching a movie;;
10,A movie 24 years ago is unbelievably perfect even now.
10,I wonder if there will be more movies like this
10,It's new even though we're seeing each other for two days in a row?Do you miss it?
10,The best movie of my life!
10,What a masterpiece!
10,It's the best movie of my life over Star Wars
10,the greatest masterpiece in the history of mankind
10,Good... 12345678
10,Immortal masterpiece. Something like that
10,Don't talk about the movie industry except for this one
10,Best classic action movie. CG doesn't look awkward after all.
10,It's a masterpiece beyond the times
10,Don't I have 11 points?I think it's 100 points.
10,I just realized that the famous scene was such a touching one. It's a masterpiece
10,The best movie I've seen over and over again!
10,I'm ashamed to watch this movie now.
10,This is a true masterpiece.
10,exciting development+ solid composition+ message+ touching = legend
7,I want to see a sequel that's not as good as I expected
10,There is really no need for words. The only action movie that sheds tears.
1,It's a movie I want to watch...  I guess it doesn't come on the weekend. Let me have your answer.
8,I watched this movie again
10,A movie that's not enough to contain all the compliments in the world
10,I can't forget Arnold's shot
10,The best movie of the No. 1st movie
10,This is a masterpiece. It's good to watch again
10,I'm going to shed another tear
10,a trick that must be left unconditionally
10,No Terminator series has exceeded two episodes yet.
10,Even the baby biscuit
10,A movie that I can't forget even now. The tension that follows tenaciously...
10,There's no need for words. Especially Arnold's last words. I will be back!
10,I think the only villain at the time was the T1000 who chased the protagonist and the audience to death and put this much tension on them
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I think it's the most memorable action movie I've ever seen.
10,The Terminator had to end with two.A true masterpiece!
10,Umji in the furnace is the best scene ever
10,What's there to say? Thumbs up!
10,The best action movie! It's really great to make a movie like this in the early '90s
10,I don't think there's going to be as great a thumbs up as this movie's ending until the last day of humanity
10,"Anna-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
10,The best masterpiece of the 90s. Will there be another masterpiece like this?
10,I was born in the year this movie was released. I saw Genesis for the first time. It's really fun. It's like this. I think it would have been amazing if I saw it in the theater in 1991.
10,The best SF masterpiece ever! I have nothing more to say.
10,I suddenly missed 2 after seeing Zenith recently
10,What do I need to say?
10,The current score is 3 to 0... a landslide victory for Terminator 2
10,A movie that you regret if you don't watch it before you die
10,The movie that I want to recommend to my children later is the best. It is disrespectful to explain further.
9,It's intense and intense. There's no action like this these days
10,It's amazing that it was a movie 24 years ago.
10,It is a movie that impressed me
10,It's been 20 years since I watched it again. I can't help but love the masterpiece that's being released
10,What do you need to say if you watched a movie?
10,10 points for Dyson who gasps before he dies
10,A movie that touches my heart every time I see it
10,Aluminum foil in the phone booth lol
10,Why can't humans make a movie like this again?
10,It's a memory from 20 years ago that doesn'I wonder if anyone cried watching John Connor cry when he went down to Arnold's furnace.
10,I became an adult after watching this movie
8,It's the best movie in the Terminator series.
1,But this movie is not number one overall
10,That's perfect.
10,"I'll Be Back
10,One of the World Heritage Sites that went beyond mere entertainment and became a culture with Star Wars
10,The rating itself is meaningless. It's disrespectful of this movie to rate itself
10,This is a masterpiece.
6,Terminator's Ivy Back!
10,This movie is the best movie in human history so far.
10,I miss it. I don't think I'll ever be able to do this again.
10,There is no comparison
10,Logged in to give you a rating...
10,I think I've seen the best movie of my life about 10 times.
9,A masterpiece doesn't need words
10,The best movie of my life ^^ b
10,More scary than a horror movie. I wonder if T-1000 has an end all the time.
10,I can't express it in words. Hoo!
10,How did they use CG like that in that era?
10,The Legend of the Boy Adventure
10,I can't believe it came out 25 years ago. It won't be released until 25 years later.
8,I've seen it three times in the theater. There are only one and two...The rest are all ruined
10,I watched it yesterday because it was on TV
10,A masterpiece of the century...James Cameron's greatest masterpiece
10,Everyone in my generation has seen this movie
10,I just saw it on OCN againLOL It's fun no matter how many times I watch itLOL By far the best masterpiece in the Terminator series. I remember watching liquid liver in fear when I was young. The ending scene is so touching crying
10,I was shocked when I was young. It's still fun
10,Terminator 2 is the masterpiece.
10,This movie is so cool and funny that I don't find the follow-up interesting!!
10,A movie that I really enjoyed watching.
10,An Immortal Masterpiece You Must See Before You Die
10,A masterpiece is not enough.
10,It's the best!!! No words needed!
10,Genesis reminds me of this movie. This movie needs to get 10 points
10,The best movie of my life is Terminator 2
10,Legend. Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,What more do I need to say?
8,I'll be back. It's so much fun
10,It's sad that 10 stars is the best movie in my life...
10,I heard it's a piece of cake.
10,It's not simply an action movie.A symbolic movie...
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words!
10,This is my first and last movie score. I think this movie is the legacy of mankind that can be handed down proudly to the descendants who live in the world when the world has changed a lot over the years...
10,I really enjoyed watching it when I was young and when I grew up...
10,It had to be just up to here.
10,It's the best... It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,There is no terminator better than Robert Patrick
10,I don't know if there's a score higher than 10 points.
10,Is this movie going to be re-released again...??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
10,Asda bista baby
10,What's there to say? It's hard to type
8,Are you sure you overestimate?
10,A masterpiece that will go down in history as a reminder that robots are not exclusive to children
10,Is this being re-released? I have to see it
9,Whoo... It's even...
9,A spectacular dystopian blockbuster that breaks the Sophomore jinx
10,It's my favorite movie
10,The best movie...I can't believe the graphics were 25 years ago either
8,Terminator is a masterpiece
10,It's good if the re-released movie comes out every day
8,Welcome to the new world!
10,The cultural heritage of mankind. It's meaningless how many times I've seen it's meaningless
10,I am jealous of director James Cameron's talent.
10,a sequel beyond the previous drama It's a thrilling finish with a hosting composition that should have been produced for the second movie. The perfection of all of that made this movie an irreplaceable masterpiece.
9,Best in the Terminator series
10,It's a masterpiece that's ahead of its time
9,This movie is also immortal...
10,Do you need words?
4,Maybe it's because it's been too long. It's not that...
10,The best movie of my life!   I'll be in my 40s soon.  I still can't forget the shock in the theater in my second year of middle school.
10,There is no need for a much funnier sequel than the original.
10,I don't think I can see this kind of movie again.
10,The best movie of my life
10,I can't get tired of watching it again and again. crying
10,I'm sorry that I'm evaluating it
10,a synonym for a sequel beyond the previous series
9,I should have stopped at 2.
10,Arnold's transformation was good~~ LOL
10,The main theme song of this movie gave me a great imagination when I was young It makes my heart flutter
10,Throw 10 points to get the stars
10,2015.00. A masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,The best SF movie I've ever seen.
10,The best movie of my life that doesn't need words
10,I don't know if I can evaluate this
10,I have nothing to say. No questions and answers!
10,It was a movie that made me realize that my emotions were dry rather than robots.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even after watching it dozens of times...
10,It's a masterpiece that I can't explain with my expression
10,Ten masterpieces of masterpieces are also small. This is an amazing masterpiece
10,I can't stop looking at it at all times; Mission Impossible is not tacky at all times. This is a culture property that cannot be converted into money.
10,It's a masterpiece. Will Be Back.
10,The best movie of my life (10 letters)
10,Brother Arnold should be designated as a human cultural asset. This movie is the original loyalty movie! You should thank the Terminator. i be back
10,A movie that leaves an impression every time I see it
10,Do you need words?;;
10,It's thrilling even if you look at it now!
10,It's the best masterpiece. This is good
10,There's no need for words. It's cool even now
10,This is the only movie that goes beyond this.
9,The powerful directing skills that continue the fun of the previous movie stand out
9,I don't think it's up to your reputation.
10,Of course it's 10 points. It's either 10 points for a movie like this or 10 points for Mo
10,I saw the movie B in 1991 at the comic book store. I saw it in 2013 at the theater
9,I'm surprised it was made before I was born.
10,A masterpiece from the Terminator series. I can't believe the technology and the movie was this perfect 24 years ago
10,I watched it a long time ago and recently. You're the best. You must watch it
10,I can't get out of the movie
10,This is from 1991? It's a lie
10,Did we really have to cry about his sacrifice?
10,There's nothing to fill in 10 letters Just shut up and eat--
10,It couldn't be more perfect.
10,Astala Vista Baby!
10,I don't think there will be another SF movie like this again.
10,F loyalty! Cameron!
10,A work that can't be left out when choosing the best action movie. It's been 15 years since I saw it again and it's
10,The best movie of my life. I have nothing to say
10,My heart still beats when the caption "Judge's Day" and the magnificent music of the Terminator come out in the opening.
10,The most suspenseful movie ever.
10,I still can't believe it's a 1990s movie. It's a must-see movie before you die
9,I like them all...I thought it was a superpower because the villain robot was so reckless.Is there no harm in killing or killing?
8,It was released in 1991.
10,This movie is so interesting that there is no need for words
10,What I still remember is that "The Trucker" didn't act very well
10,Is this really from 1991? Awesome
6,A touch of sensitivity to cutting-of-the-art
8,It has a good sense of immersion and fun. But it's kind of disappointing. I'm not sure what it is.
10,That song that I still can't forget lol
10,Effects and fun that aren't like old movies
9,a sequel beyond the original I can't believe this imagination and implementation was possible in 1991
9,Force of the original Terminator
10,It's the best movie ever again
9,What do you need to say? Blank spaces
10,The most amazing thing is that this story came from one person's head
10,a film lacking even the word masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that even BoA wants to see!
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,There is no movie like Terminator 2.
10,A movie that won't be criticized even if it's a perfect movie.
10,a monumental work that will be remembered as an immortal masterpiece
10,This is Hollywood! I think it's a movie that shows that.
10,a masterpiece that will linger in the history of film The memories and shivers I saw 20 years ago are still fresh.
10,I don't know what to say.
10,A movie that is fun to watch many times!
10,I think the next 100 years will be fine
10,It's just the legend of SF movies.
10,The legend of SF movie. I mean it
9,When action and beautiful emotions meet at their highest point. We have no choice but to be moved by the irony.
10,They say it's like a crazy movie. Is this really a movie that came out 20 years ago?
10,The best movie of my life. I don't need words
10,A masterpiece that will never be forgotten even after 100 years
10,There is no more movie than this
10,Do you need words? 10 characters
10,Amazing. Everything is perfect!
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't need to be said!T-1000! I applaud James Cameron for making a big impression among the Terminators who have appeared in history.
10,The stormy coolness of the two Terminators who are packing love and hope!
10,SF masterpiece that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch it
10,the best film in the world A movie that doesn't compare to anything
10,It's the best. I can't believe this kind of movie was made in the '90s
10,The greatest movie of all time.
10,I think it's the best masterpiece
10,Shut up and get 10 points. Why? Don't ask. You'll see for yourself.
10,It's still okay to watch it
10,It's not a legend. It's a legend
10,This movie is a movie that will never end because the story level itself is not inferior to modern movies regardless of quality
10,A masterpiece that set a new milestone in SF movie history
10,You're going to give the Avengers 10 points instead of 10 points for this movie? Huh? So frustrated
9,The director's monstrous directing ability to create a masterpiece just with the pure genre tension of the chaser and the chaser.a masterpiece that created the icon of the times
1,The average score is high. Look at the average
10,I just don't need words Top
10,The best movie in sf world with Alien 2.
10,What else do I need to say?
10,What words do you need?
10,Robert Patrick's creepy acting!!! It's really the best!
9,It was more shocking than 1
10,A movie that you can't get tired of watching after Titanic
10,You're the best! I don't need anything more to say!
8,an interesting film It's worth watching.
10,This movie is the legend of the movie industry. I watched it dozens of times and even memorized the lines in the original language.
10,It is a masterpiece that will remain in film history like Star Wars.
10,2 is so strong that it feels like the next episode looks weak
10,Legendary game movie...
10,You're the best! No words needed!
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie on Chuseok!L
10,I want to see another masterpiece like this in my life
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I really don't need words.A legend is a legend
10,..Masterpiece...
10,I still can't believe it's a '91 movie. The thumb that melts into the lava is a famous scene that will remain in the movie history.
10,The best
10,It is the movie that remains the strongest feeling that I enjoyed watching it when I was young. It's so much fun watching it. I still remember how it felt.It's a shame that I can only give 10 points.
10,I'm so glad I lived in the era where I could see Terminator 2. It's definitely the best movie!
10,I didn't want three quarters of a terminator to come out.
9,This is how you make the follow-up
10,Such a work will never come again. It's a perfect masterpiece!
10,the most unspeakable masterpiece
10,This is what it's all about
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,A masterpiece that opened my eyes to the movie
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.
10,UNESCO-designated World Heritage Sites... There's no need for words.
9,It's one of the funnier sequels than the first one.It's a movie that's obvious that it's a rare expense
1,It's not... it's not that impressive
10,Can it be more fun than this?
10,It's sad if you don't watch it!
10,The movie that I still remember... A great movie.
10,Let's get 9.37 points
10,It's 100 times bigger than the escape
10,Terminator 2 was so perfect
10,The best movie of my life
10,One point each is given to a masterpiece that the whole world loves and doesn't know how to watch a movie. You guys know what you're doing to humiliate the international community? I feel ashamed to be in the same country as you. Study! Don't prove that you're not good at it. That's why my mom didn't eat seaweed soup
10,The best in the Terminator series! The last scene is still embedded in my memory.
10,James Cameron's films seem to have been masterpieces of the century
10,Yoo Byung-eon is not dead.
10,I can't get enough of it even after watching it 40 times
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it again.
10,It's just that James Cameron is the genius of the geniuses...
10,What do you need to say? It's the best masterpiece that won't fall for even if it's released now.
10,the greatest masterpiece of the Terminator world I should have had the ending here as the director wanted. Don't worry about me
9,I can't imagine. I can't believe it's a movie that's been 20 years.
10,A great masterpiece that surpasses the previous record!
10,Why didn't you release the director's version at the time?
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words. It's a classic movie
10,It's so much fun. I want to watch it again
10,It is unacceptable why the rating is only in the nine-point range. This movie is perfect out of ten.
10,I need a word Legend
1,Why is the score so high?
10,It's just a legendary return of a masterpiece
10,the only sequel to surpass the original
10,Hell's Movie The Best Film
10,No words needed. How many lives did this movie change?
10,the greatest action movie in human history
10,The legend of SF. It's the best even now
10,One of the best movies of my life!
10,Crazy movie with Alien 2
10,A movie that I still remember
10,What kind of movie is this from 1991?
10,Terminator is the best
10,The last line is goodbye. Don't get me wrong
10,The best... There's nothing more than this in the SF action genre
10,By far the best of Terminator Sirs. a sequel beyond the original
10,Does it make sense that Leon is better than this?
10,It's the greatest masterpiece of my life.
10,a legend in science fiction What more can I say?
10,Who dares to throw up on this movie?
10,a masterpiece without words "I can see why people are crying. But I can't shed tears."
10,Are you sure this is from 1991?
10,The legend of an action movie
10,Judgement Day is the most fun
10,a masterpiece of the SF film that beats the previous one
10,Action Blockbuster is divided into before and after Terminator.
10,an inexplicable legend
9,It's a masterpiece. This is a masterpiece
7,What a disgusting machine
10,A work that I can't believe was made in 1991
10,It's called a "masterpiece."
10,All I can say is that it's a masterpiece.
10,This is the legend. Crazy. Brother Arnold
10,I watched it more than 50 times. I regret knowing the Terminator series only last year.
10,This is real. What's coming out right now is disappointment
10,the greatest masterpiece of a masterpiece lol
10,It's a masterpiece that I want to watch forever
10,What more do you need to say?
10,It's still fun and touching Terminator 2
10,I think Terminator 2 will be popular if you remake it with modern CG L
10,Isn't it 10 points?
10,Is James Cameron Human?
10,Best and Thrilling Movie
1,It's not that
10,This is one of the top five movies you should watch before you die
10,It's the best... It's a masterpiece.This is a masterpiece.
10,A movie that's still fun to watch. It's the best
10,Terminator is the real beauty of movies
10,The best movie in my top five
10,This movie is not a human being
10,It's a movie that's fun to watch
10,What words are needed? The best movie of my life!
10,The best movie of my life. I still cry while watching it
10,Mercita Terminator
10,How many times did I watch it on TV? I think it's not playing in OCN because I played it too much now
10,It's not a piece of work to play with scores.
10,Why do you call this a masterpiece?
10,It's good! Good!Haha
10,The movie that I thought most seriously about robots when I was young.Their presence at the time was devastating and just terrifying.
10,It's more shocking than seeing Transformers. What a shock in 1991!
10,A movie that doesn't lack nothing
10,The one who gets less than 10 points is 1. Terminator who is emotionally dry 2. Elementary school
10,A truly memorable masterpiece!
10,It is a movie that is over 20 years old.[Laughing]
10,What are the rest of us who come here for nothing and terrorize them? It feels like blasphemy that such surpluses are encountered among these masterpieces.
10,Wow... It's just amazing.
10,It's a great masterpiece.This masterpiece is the best
10,A masterpiece is not tacky even with time
10,the greatest masterpiece of my life
10,Legend of legend. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that you can't get tired of even if you watch it 10 times
10,The James Cameron movie you can trust and watch
10,The legendary SF avatar is a big monster.
10,T-1000's charisma. The Terminator series ends here.
10,It's fun. It's fun even if you watch it every day
10,Terminator 2 is... It goes without saying that it's 10 points.
10,My heart still flutters when I do Terminator 2 on TV.
10,This is a movie with a rating of 10...
10,Masterpiece... I want to see it again
10,When I missed Arnold's father
10,A masterpiece is timeless.
10,It's fun to watch it now. I think I watched it ten times more
10,a masterpiece that requires little words
10,Arnold is dying at the end. It's a masterpiece that only talks about being the best.
9,The villain in the first movie played a role in helping the main character in the second movie.
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words.
10,This movie is definitely 10 points
1,I don't think that's good
7,Is this movie timeless? I doubt it. I think it's over-release...(Sound of laughter)
4,Why am I not very interesting...
10,It's a movie that makes me sick every time I see it
10,Don't whine about Terminator 2
10,I felt the endless excitement from the beginning to the end of the movie
10,I wonder if this kind of movie will come out again...
10,A masterpiece that transcends the limits of time slip
10,A masterpiece that will go down in history...
10,the climax of dystopian science fiction films
10,Why did I miss the reopening date?
10,It starts with the head and ends with the heart.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you feel sorry for giving a rating. You have to give 20 stars out of 10 stars
10,This rating is still undervalued
10,A work that is so dramatic that it creates a cliché
10,I'm sick and tired of listening to the OST
10,This is a masterpiece. Awesome
10,*-* The best masterpiece!crying
9,The reason why the thumb is sad is not because we were young.
10,James Cameron's best work is neither Avatar nor Titanic. There are many movies that can be compared with Avatar and Titanic.  But Terminator 2: Judgment Day is no match for any film.
10,One of the best movies ever ^^
10,The best. The most revolutionary movie in film history
10,This is the only movie that is better than the first movie
10,I gave him the rating too late.
10,A masterpiece is a work like this
10,A movie that was imprinted on me as a child.  How many times have you imagined watching this movie in 1991? It's a shame that I can't give you more than 10 points
10,The most touching lesson is fun. Edward Furlong is very nice.
10,The thrill of sinking into the furnace...
10,There's nothing wrong with a timeless SF movie and a special effects scenario
10,This is called a masterpiece!
10,This is what a movie is
10,I thought Alien 2 was the end of the series I really fainted when I saw this.Out of 10 points? He's peeling it. Give him 50 points! I think this is the first and last movie that made me cry after watching an action movie.
10,I dare say it's the best.
10,When will a masterpiece like this come out again?
9,A masterpiece was a masterpiece
10,It's so thrilling and fun
10,A film that shows the future of our human race
10,It was shocking when I saw it for the first time. Even now
10,I don't think the Terminator series will follow this
10,I'm looking forward to 5 masterpieces
1,It's like we don't have enough of something for mankind
10,How could a movie like this in 1991... Hahaha
10,I wonder how the enemy in the first part became an ally in the second part?
10,What a masterpiece.
10,I saw this movie for the first time. It's amazing I haven't seen a movie like this in more than 20 years
10,A movie I'll never forget is the best
10,It is the best movie.Strongly recommend
10,A masterpiece that can't be compared to anything else even now after a long time
9,It's touching and fun Schwarz John Cool
10,This is really... a masterpiece. It will go down in history.
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words
10,It was the best Hollywood fantasy action movie of my life
10,Do I have to say this?
10,I don't need words. It is the beginning and end of SF. Do a hundred days full of CG. Is this coming out?
10,a retelling film
10,an unprecedented sample of SF action
10,It's my life. Even the OST is amazing. Do girls know the greatness of this movie? OO years that laughed at me when I said my best movie was Terminator 2.
10,This is the best movie ever!
10,You don't need to say anything.
7,The sad reality that a well-made action film has come to be par with a masterpiece by crowd mentality
10,This movie is over 20 years old?
10,It's the best even now!
10,It's always touching.
10,It's a masterpiece. It was an issue back then. Cameron's an extraordinary director
10,How many people don't know the last scene?
10,No words needed!!!The best of the best of best
10,I can't believe I can see this in the theater.
9,The Flaw of the Movie: The Face of the Female Actress
10,When does a true terminator back up? You said I'll be back...
1,The rating is too high;;;;
10,I didn't cry a lot when I watched the movie. It was so touching. The best movie I'll never forget
10,I think I've seen this movie 100 times.
10,It's hard to make a famous painting like this
10,I am sure that it is the best masterpiece among the many SF movies left in history and the best science fiction work created by humans.
10,You are an alien if you are not touched by the last scene or if you are not touched by the tip of your nose.
10,There is no need for words. A movie that you regret if you don't watch it.
10,It's the best. It's a masterpiece that can't be seen again
10,It's fun even if you watch it over and over again
10,I almost cried while watching it at the movie theater. How can a human make a movie like this... A masterpiece that will go down in history...
10,The legend of robot movies has come!
10,Albac Predator is also a great masterpiece
10,It's not Arnold. It's Terminator. It's "Legend"
10,This is a masterpiece!
10,This is what a masterpiece is. It's fun to watch again and again
9,Praise for the action masterpiece of the century.
10,I wish I could forget everything and watch it again. It's a pity that you know everything!
10,The Best Film I Can't Forget
1,TERRER KOREA TERMINATION TER.2
10,It's a legendary movie
10,I can't help but give him 10 points
10,Legend doesn't need two words. Make sure to watch it before you die!
10,I'm definitely moved differently from seeing you in the theater...!!I hope it'll be released again later!He will be back !
10,A masterpiece 20 years later. A masterpiece 20 years later
10,It's been a time for me to vent my regret all my life.I can't believe I'm watching T2 in the theater.
10,What do you mean 11 points? It's 점이
10,Edward Furlong...
10,I Will Be Back! (I will be back!!!)
10,How can I not get sick of it no matter how many times I watch it? It's amazing.
10,I'm just saying one thing  a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece that hasn't changed even after all these days
10,It's awesome even now!
10,^^ Terminator Will Be Back
10,The most interesting movie I've ever seen in my life. No movie can beat this movie
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece lol You can't call it Terminator unless it's Arnold
10,Tricks are all about movies like this
9,The best movie. What else do you need?
10,The action and the story were the best for me The movie is more realistic because the actors act well and John is young but he is like an adult
8,Did you translate it properly this time? I'm curious.
10,A good opportunity to see masterpieces again
10,It's a great loss of life not to watch this movie in theaters. Go and see before it's too late.
10,Is there a masterpiece? This is a masterpiece
10,Arnold is the best movie in the list of zero.
9,I watched it after it was re-released. James Cameron seems to have already reached the stage of an entertainment movie with this film.
10,It was the best movie without words
10,Don't discuss SF movie without watching this movie.
10,Good. This is the movie
10,Re-released and watched. The level is different between the regular and director versions ;; I need to see the director's version! With the story that's left out in the middle! Look...;;
10,Such a movie is called an immortal masterpiece
10,Perfect composition and effectiveness and King Arnold no one can replace! The Dark Knight was as bad as this.
10,The peak of science fiction movies that no one can touch
10,I can't forget the thumb at the end
10,Best Hollywood Movie of the Year
10,a textbook masterpiece  It's a wall you can't cross. How can you watch a movie like this?
10,I don't get tired of watching it many times and 2 hours and 30 minutes go by quickly
10,Has ta la vista baby....Asdala Vista Baby...
8,This is the logical devil's issue
10,I saw it at the theater yesterday and it's a masterpiece that will go down in history!!!
10,A movie that makes you feel sorry even if you give 10 points. A movie well above the ones I gave you 10 points for
10,Awesome! 1!
10,I'm sure Terminator 2 is the best Terminator series
10,Further details are omitted.
10,It's one of the best movies of 1991!
10,One of the greatest masterpieces of my life...
10,I should've finished the second episode with the director's version.
1,There's no grandiose thing
10,It's the best. I want to see it again
10,Shut up. Ten out of ten
10,I really enjoyed the movie even though I stood up when it was released.
10,The best masterpiece in my memory
10,This movie is the best. No action movie can beat this movie
10,A movie I can't get enough of.James Cameron's best film ever.
10,This masterpiece is chosen on the ten fingers!
1,Are you kidding me? Are you making beef bone soup?Hah!
10,Will there be a movie like this in the future?The best movie of my life!!!It's a shame that I can't give you more than 10 points!
10,The movie I watched when I was in 9th grade... The memories and emotions of that time are still alive. Unbelievable! I think some scenes are being added.
10,How many times have I seen it? I haven't counted since 100.There are a lot of A-list movies and the movie above the clouds is T2
10,Hurry up and hit 10 stars.
10,It's a movie that's sad that I can't give more than 10
9,I came to watch CGV theater.It's fun
10,A masterpiece! This was made 20 years ago? That's amazing! A movie that you can't get tired of!
10,A movie that I'd like to do if I could be listed on UNESCO
10,Women cry over Titanic. Men cry at Terminator 2.
10,What's the difference between the director's version? Well.
10,Will there be another SF movie like this?
10,I watched it when I was young and cried at the end
10,It's really fun I want to see it again
10,There's no need to say! You're definitely the best!
10,The best SF action movie in the history!
10,It's a masterpiece that broke the prejudice that there's no sequel like the original
9,The best movie that can't be forgotten
10,It's not just a masterpiece. Everyone has a reason. That's what a masterpiece is
10,Too bad I can only give you 10 points
10,Best Masterpiece with Titanic
10,Stop!
10,James Cameron's monumental science fiction.
10,Feel the thrill and excitement again
10,What's the director's version? That sounds fun
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 10 times... I wish I could release a masterpiece like this again.
10,It's the best masterpiece that I can watch again
10,Almost the first movie that came to me when I was a kid watching Freshman. 10 points. No more words needed.
10,I just don't need words.a masterpiece
10,The day will come when I see masterpieces of this era in theaters
10,The best movie of my life.I can't believe the movie's coming back. I need you to get the theater ready
10,This is what's called a legend
10,I can't wait to see you again!
10,There is no movie that I think is better than this one
10,May I see you again. Make sure to see it on the big screen!
10,I'm sorry to give you 10 points
10,No words needed! Shut up and watch!
10,I honestly don't understand people who don't give me 5 stars
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't require words. I'd like to see it in theaters.
10,The highlight of this movie is this movie
10,Every scene makes you clench your fist and shake your whole body. The chase scene in the drainage of the large trailer vs motorcycle is truly unprecedented and never will be. Young people who are watching this movie for the first time must watch it!!
10,Sigh... The best man...
9,A movie that was made in 1991 is a masterpiece that you'll never see
10,It's more fun than the previous one. CG.That's amazing
10,The last line of Terminator 2 is good bye. Please don't insist on i'll be back.
10,It's a masterpiece It's a legend
10,It's a movie that you can't stop watching
10,The best movie...
10,The best movie of my life. I've seen it dozens of times already. But it's fun every time I see it. I really want to give this movie 11 points.
10,Another masterpiece after Avatar!!!!
10,the cultural heritage of mankind.It's a precious metaphor
10,First year of high school...Excited and excited to wait after booking movie ticket with my friend..  The nostalgic memories of the Seoul Theater ^^
10,That's great. It's thrilling.
10,It's the funniest in the Terminator series
10,This is the movie.
10,The Terminator series should have ended in the second installment
10,I'm back. Remastering...
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,Legend is not about scoring. It's just that the legend itself is a star
10,There is no point in rating this movie.
10,This is a masterpiece
10,a masterpiece without words Cameron is the best...
9,It's the cultural property of mankind. I agree
10,It's a masterpiece in the Super Jam series
10,I'll watch it when it's re-released! Haha
10,My favorite movie is No.1
10,Many old movies are being re-released these daysDunny is re-release this as well.
10,This is a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it! Edward Furlong is the best
10,I don't need words. I don't need to see
10,Who will judge this movie?
10,My favorite and most watched movie of my life. There is no need for words.
10,This is the best movie ever
10,a masterpiece among masterpieces I can't leave out Terminator 2...
10,I'll be back !! It's definitely the best!
10,You said you'd come back! You need to say the best oime
10,I miss you again!!! A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,It's just the best...lol
10,I still can't forget the scene where a bad Terminator runs and follows me.
10,assets to be passed on to future generations
8,I don't remember the story. It's definitely funny
10,God...This is the legend of SF
10,The only movie I've ever seen standing up
10,I love this movie so much!!
10,It's a masterpiece! ^^~
10,The first and second part of Terminator doesn't keep up
10,What do you need to say? It's the best!
10,It's the best. A masterpiece of the century that needs no more words.
10,The legend of the movie industry is amazing
1,It's just a movie
10,The best masterpiece... I can't forget how touched I am
10,55 My mother's memory movie... It's a lot of fun.
1,not much
10,The best movie that doesn't need words. Let's not talk down this masterpiece with loyalty.
10,I dare say. This is a perfect movie.
10,The only movie I've seen more than five times
10,It's a masterpiece... I strongly recommend it
10,Our country can't make this kind of movie even after OO
10,What's the re-release? 10 points
10,Astaravista baby
10,It's been 22 years...lol
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece
10,This is what a legend is
10,Just good
10,First place in a movie that makes me sad that I didn't see it at the theater
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I watched the first movie while waiting in line when I was in middle school.It was really good.
10,Twenty-two years have passed and I still can't forget the intense memories and the shocking video
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's really the best...
10,Will there be another movie with this influence and force?
10,Why are you terrorizing horoscopes?
10,Hastaravista baby
10,The best movie of my life!
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,the best movie
10,Avuvek
8,It was more fun than Terminator 1...
9,Good
9,Graphic stories are all over the ages. Didn't the film come from the future?
10,Good
10,You're gonna have to be number one
10,It's awesome!
10,The best of the best...!
10,This is a movie that came out 22 years ago?
10,All the other movies in front of this movie are written
10,I just can't believe it was a movie 22 years ago. Ten million viewers are likely to come out now
10,This is what a movie is like
10,One of the best movies of the time no matter what!
10,It would have been even more successful if it came out now!
10,I can't believe it was made in the early 1990s.It's so touching. I've seen it many times and it's making my heart ache.
10,The scene in my head has changed the course of my life for six hours since I entered the theater in 1991 (I saw it three times in my seat because I didn't have a seat ticket at the time) and I've seen it more than 200 times.
10,The beginning and end of another Terminator series
10,It's so much fun
10,The scene of the T1000 passing through the bars is sickening to see now
10,I don't need words
10,I can't lower a single point
10,It's a masterpiece
10,Perfection itself
10,It's the best...
10,This is a masterpiece
10,No words needed
10,the cultural heritage of mankind
10,It is amazing that they made this kind of movie at that time.
10,The movie that ranks first in my movie ranking
10,Ending scene... Is there a movie that is as touching as this one? I don't think there is.
10,The movie is no joke. Make sure to watch it
10,I think Terminator 2 is the only movie that was more popular than the first movie ever.
10,I can't forget the shock 20 years ago.
10,This movie will become a reality everywhere
10,It's one of the top 10 I've ever seen. Barry Good
10,It's cruel but funny
10,a revolutionary film
10,lol lol lol lol lol
10,Can't you give me 11 points?Haha
10,The best 5 movies in my life! One of the masterpieces that shocked Jurassic Park at that time was a masterpiece!!!
10,I watched it more than 50 times. You could've seen more. Arnold was 44 years old back then. Oh my...
10,It's my first time grading...The best movie of my life.
10,I still have it.I think it's the best movie.
10,Why is this movie 9.34? Shouldn't we get 10 points?
10,How did they make this kind of movie in that era?
10,Great
10,the best movie
10,Will Be Back is the best
8,The last scene of Terminator is still memorable.
10,The Best-Made Textbook of SF Action
8,It was worth seeing.
10,cool
10,cool
10,Will be back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,This movie is the legend of the movie industry. I watched it dozens of times and even memorized the lines in the original language.
10,Good
10,It's amazing
10,It's totally great
10,It's the best! It's a masterpiece
10,Did I watch it 30 times?
10,At the time... I was shaking.
10,Thumbs that I will never forget in my life
10,I don't think this kind of movie will ever come out again
10,Best villain in movie history... T-1000
10,A movie that doesn't fall behind even if it comes out now
10,Do you need words?
10,It's fun even if you keep watching it
10,It's the best movie ever
10,a little girl
10,The scene of the T1000 running is still vivid
10,Perfection
10,One of the best movies of my childhood
1,What
10,The best movie of my life
10,That's amazing.
10,It's the best
10,Look
10,Hahaha
10,Terminator 2 pack
10,A movie that I watched dozens of times on public TV. A movie that I can't get enough of even after watching dozens of times
10,It's a sequel that's beyond the original that's hard to watch!
10,It's fun to watch it again. It's a legendary masterpiece
10,Is there an SF movie that surpasses this movie?
5,The film is well worth it just for leaving a video of Edward Furlong's sculptural beauty
10,The best horror movie
10,A movie I've seen more than ten times.It's really fun and cool even when I watch it now!Arnold Schwarzenegger's is so cool
10,There's no room for a crazy renaming movie
10,It was a movie where Arnold's dry voice shone.The best............
10,Let's win back first place
9,I can't believe it's been 91 years. It's great to see it again. Best Hollywood action movie ever
10,The shock itself
10,Arnold is the best
1, well
10,My favorite work in the Terminator series
1,I got it's
10,the greatest blockbuster of the day Don't discuss a masterpiece without watching this movie.
10,Bbbbbbb is the best
9,My favorite in the Terminator series... And Arnold's thumb touched me.
1,The main character is ridiculous
1,It's because Arnold is so dumbfounded.
10,My favorite movie
10,I don't really enjoy action movies. Is this really a 1991 movie? Perfection.
10,I remember the movie
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Good
10,I think I saw it about 500 times. But I don't get tired of it. (Shaking)
10,a perfect and best movie
10,Can you believe it's 91 years old?  It is the greatest masterpiece of the century that no one can deny
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life
10,The best movie of my life! The best!
10,Top
10,I can't believe you're trying to make a masterpiece like this.
10,I got goose bumps when I saw some of the best works. The movie didn't stop eating chicken from the lava scene to the end of the ending credits. This has never happened before.
10,The best movie of my life. The best character of my life. The best science fiction in my life.
10,Oh! The smell of the sequins is going all the way here
10,Best SF Action Movie
10,It just doesn't come out like you saw it. the greatest masterpiece
1,Loyalty Day
1,That's ridiculous
10,Ilbe Go Home
10,I saw it by chance because it was on TV.^^ It was so much fun^^
10,an immortal masterpiece
10,The best movie I've ever seen...
1,We're 1% short
10,i8
1,Day of Judgment
1,The robots are ridiculous
10,The tension is the best ever. It was so much fun
10,The best movie of my life
1,Can a mere robot really discuss loyalty?
1,Actual Combat Power: Bosung-hyung > Terminator
10,Alien Predator I've never seen more interesting than the masterpiece when I was a kid.
10,a movie in which a machine can't give a zero point
10,Who gives 1 point? Everyone has it
10,I remember watching it when I was young.  It was so sad that I felt bad... ...and it was a masterpiece of a masterpiece that I could never see again
10,I don't think it's right to give 1 point to Terminator 2
10,A movie that can't be taken down
10,The machine is so powerful. 10 points
10,Loyalty that comes back in Terminator 3! Loyal Terminator
10,I really enjoyed watching Season 1. I'm looking forward to Season 2
10,Top
1,It's impossible
1,I'll just die. What do you mean I'll come back?
1,It's too big!
1,They're not loyal
1,an overrated movie
1,A movie with no loyalty... I had no choice but to shout after watching this movie. "Where's your loyalty?"
1,How can a mere robot know the loyalty between men and men? That's why 1 point
1,You're not loyal?
1,I don't know what his loyalty is  My score is
10,Do you need words?
10,It's the best masterpiece
10,Let's control the score. We need to win
10,I can't forget the shock of watching this movie for the first time in my childhood
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's a shame that fewer and fewer movies make you immersed throughout
10,Top
1,유Yubi bag
10,James Cameron is a god.
10,How many times have I watched this movie again and again? It's a movie that really marked a milestone in the world of action!
10,The movie I watched when I was young is good to watch now
10,20C The Best Masterpiece.
10,I think I've seen it more than 50 times
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's signature movie.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,L
9,Bill Gates. Steve Jobs.Steven Spielberg.Four James Cameron admits.
10,He he
10,I can't keep up with this movie
10,I haven't seen my favorite movie yet The movie that leaves a lot of lingering emotions is really the best. People who give low ratings here are the ones who don't know the beauty of movies
10,It's my first time seeing a movie that sucks it up to the end.
10,I remember crying while watching the ending when I was in 9th grade. It's just the best
10,Where did the ridiculous logic come from that domestic film should be number one.Don't give me too much credit
10,Let's not lower the GPA LOL That's why you're criticized for Naver's rating. Why do you cut such a masterpiece? 2 was Terminator and 3rd and 4th is Robot War for Eyes Robot War
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. Let's not lower the score
1,Let's control the score. We need to win first place in Korean movies
1,I think my rating for "Star Room" is too high
1,I was bored...
1,Let's show some foam
1,I don't like it;;
9,I fell in love with the movie and even liked Edward Fallon. It's because this person doesn't work out well either
10,Is it comparable to the movies that come out these days?
10,The only movie that still lingers in my mind when I was in elementary school
10,The best trick legend
10,You have to watch the first and second episodes in a row to understand. I was confused after watching the second episode
1,Avatar Forever
10,No explanation required
10,A masterpiece that is hard to come out again. The best movie ever!
10,Let me ask you a question. Do you need words?
10,Leave out any further words.
10,Wow... there's no need for words
10,That's amazing. That's about 90's CG. And the last scene... The scene that most people around the world know...I can't forget it.
10,Wow...! It couldn't be better. Fantastic lol lol)
10,It's been a long time since I saw you on TV. It's the best. I can't get enough of you. I really respect the directorL
10,Is there no 11 points?
10,It's a ridiculous movie
10,It's so much fun
10,John Connor looks like a sculpture and pretty
10,Liquid liver was the best project at this time
10,Master James Cameron's best directing science fiction movie! Best sequel to the previous one!
10,10 points
10,the beginning and end of a science fiction film
10,There is nothing to give but ten points.
10,I was so immersed in this movie when it was released. It's still the best
10,The memories of the old memories
8,Is he doing well these days?You're so charismaticL
10,Much more fun and great movie than godfather
8,A sign on the leg of the chase called cause 9.11.shivering
10,It's the best of the Terminator series
10,Not only is James Cameron perfecting everything that he couldn't express in the first part because of the limitations of technology. The natural theme of "value of life" that humans should have was conveyed through "Terminator." I think this movie will go down in history even after 100 years
10,That's great... the movie that changed my life.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Why did I just watch this? So funny
10,It's the headquarters of an action movie. The fact that 2013 is still fun is also interesting.
10,It's gone now. It's Saturday at 10pm. I don't get tired of watching it every week. Movies that I want to watch
10,deserving what the name stands for
9,The first film to bring James Cameron to the top of Hollywood
10,One of the best SF action movies. Cameron's best work with Alien 2.
10,The best movie of my life
10,but
10,What words are needed?
10,BEST OF BEST
10,This is a movie from 20 years ago?  너무 It's so dope
10,It's a movie to watch
10,It's always fun
10,SF to beat this is really rare.
10,There's nothing missing from the movie
10,It's one of the best movies that's still fun to watch
10,The best movie of my life
10,Do you need any further explanation?
10,It is a national movie. How many times have I watched it?
10,Terminator Good
10,This is called an action movie
10,Kim Mamae is the best
9,This is the most fun in the series.
10,I can't help but give him a thumbs up like Arnold.
10,Oh my god
10,appoint a person to one's post
10,I think it is one of the best movies ever.A masterpiece of a masterpiece.It's just amazing. Even though it's already been 10 years...
10,The Hope and Future of the Machine Man Realizing Humanity
10,Terminator 2 is as interesting as it sounds.
10,The people I saw in the theater at that time were the lucky ones of the times.
10,legend
10,a substantial terminator's final version The best SF super action movie. This was the best time.
10,The tsunami of emotion...I remember
10,It's just perfect.
9,I think the first part is better
10,Ten is not enough
10,I remember watching it again and again when I was young
10,It's a movie that I'll never forget The greatest work of my life
10,Terminator series is the best!A movie that doesn't feel tacky after all these years!
10,I dare say it's the best movie of my life now.
10,What do you need to say? It's the best movie ever.
10,It's always fun and scary. It's the best movie
10,A movie 20 years ago... is this???
10,There is no need for words.
10,Do I need to say something? A movie that will go down in history...
10,It's great even now
10,Is there no masterpiece like this?
10,It's so much fun
10,Arnold is funny
10,It's a masterpiece
10,You don't have to tell me
10,Top
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I can't believe a movie like this was made in 1991 - it's a real immortal
10,I was shocked when I was young and moved when I became an adult
10,It's not a rating to think about it
8,Cameron's Alien 2 looks better now
10,You don't have to say anything else. You're the best
10,the best movie
10,Good
10,The most fun in the Terminator series
10,Arnold's Best Film
10,Top
9,Come back!
10,Seriously...
9,You're the best! The Terminator will only get cursed at
10,I can only see Edward Fallon...
10,It's a really interesting movie even now.
10,a wordless film
10,Who on earth has a rating of less than 10? ^^ A movie that doesn't need a lame explanation. Directed by James Cameron. I hope he doesn't kill himself like Tony Scott.
10,a rewritten work
10,The movie Terminator is awesome!
10,The best movie of my life
10,It was the best I've ever seen It makes me keep watching...
10,The best SF movie I've ever seen
9,I was shaking while looking at the liquid liver.
10,Legend
10,That's truly incredible.
10,Good
10,I knew it
10,Good
10,The best SF movie ever!Fun and touching tsunami!Watch and judge!Why is it still on cable after 20 years!!!The best science fiction movie of the 20th century that no longer needs words!!!!!
10,The best is for this.
10,It's the best.
10,It is difficult to renew the destructiveness and creativity that were given to the era at that time.
10,The best Youngho of my life
10,Is there no more than 5 stars?
10,The best movie I've ever seen! Robert Patrick and Arnold's demented performance is the point
10,It's fun
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,the best movie without words
10,The best movie of my life
10,Terminator is my friend ^^
10,The best movie of my life!!!!!
10,It's a movie that reminds me that machines aren't always cold
10,Don't just skip it because it's from '91. You have to watch it at least once
10,It was perfect up to here. Why on earth did three and four come out?
10,It's the best. I don't need words
10,There's no need for words.
10,That's awesome!
10,It's a science fiction masterpiece
10,The best terminator. Is there anything else to say?
10,I can't get enough of the Terminator series.…I hope 5th episode comes out soon!
10,the greatest sf masterpiece of the 20th century
10,Schwarzenegger's best movie and the best movie in the world!
10,a masterpiece without words
10,The Dark Knight is no match
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! A movie that doesn't waste of 10 points
10,a masterpiece
10,A very interesting masterpiece movie!
10,Legend
10,I can't believe it was made in 1991. It's a masterpiece
10,"Terminator 2" is one of the best movies of my life
10,Those days were very good.
10,You do not know much about this movie. The first one was $6.4 million.Terminator 2 had over $100 million in production costs in 1991.It would have been the first Hollywood movie to surpass $100 million.
10,a masterpiece beyond the ages
7,Power over time that doesn't feel like an old movie.
10,SF of the most tragic story
10,Top
10,Why is the score low for this?
10,The best movie of my life!- I don't know if it's on EBS. - But it's on CGV at 3pm
10,It's been a while since I watched it on TV. The sadness and tears at the ending...It's a masterpiece! One of the best movies of my life since my elementary school days!
10,What kind of Marlboro gave me a low GPA?
10,Best movie in history that can't come out with Shawshank Escape
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen ^_^
10,It's the best
10,You're the best!
10,It's the best movie no matter how many times I watch it.
10,It's really "Terminator" Sung-nim's exam! Ji- Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji!
10,I can't believe it's a 1991 movie. Will Terminator have this kind of fun again?
10,Will Be Back
10,It's worth saying it's a national movie
10,My age is 32... When I was in 6th grade... I remember watching it from the front seat with my hair cut because I heard that middle school students can watch it.
10,Terminator 2 is complete
9,That's nice
10,the best movie of my life
10,You have to watch the first one to know that the second one is a masterpiece. But the first one is also a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life. I saw him for the first time in middle school and I think I saw him about 70 times
10,I'm tearing up
10,Another History of Director Cameron's History in Film History Around the World
10,Even to say that this movie was the best is an ordinary expression!
10,I don't understand anyone who didn't give me a 10 rating
10,a film from the late 2000s that came out in the early '90s
9,The movie mercilessly broke the myth that the sequel is worse than the previous one
10,The best movie of my life. Dark Knight is the only movie that felt as good as this movie
10,No movie beats the shock of watching Terminator 2 for the first time.
10,The best movie I can't even judge.
10,It's a movie that can't be expressed in words.
10,A movie that you can't get tired of watching. It's the best
10,I just... I just have to use exclamations
10,Wow they came
10,I think I'm lucky to see it when I was young It's still touching. Director James Cameron's masterpiece!
9,I didn't know that I would cry while watching SF movie.
10,The battle between the legendary liquid robot and Arnold with SF action has long been in my head.
10,I really don't understand anyone who says it's rubbish It's the best science fiction movie
10,I've never seen a science fiction movie better than this Hah!(Shaking)
10,It's... it's the best piece that doesn't need words now. I'll be back~
10,The best movie of all time!
10,This is 20 years ago? It's going to be a hit if it's released now.
10,The beginning and the end of SF
10,deserving what the name stands for
10,A legendary movie that cries while watching
10,This movie is the best action movie that must be re-released in 3D or 4D
10,A movie that must be re-released in 4D!
10,The reason this movie is a masterpiece is not because of action
10,It's a movie that's way ahead of its time. It's a good movie to release now
10,I'm here to review it one more time
10,The guy who says this isn't funny doesn't know how to watch movies.
10,There's no movie more interesting than this.
10,I can't forget. The last scene
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,What a masterpiece! It's so hard to make movies these days.
10,The most interesting movie in the series
10,The best movie of my life.There is no more interesting movie in the world!
7,James Cameron completes his experimental work. The movie showed the excellence of graphic technology
10,I want to see you again!
10,I am grateful to be alive.
10,a timeless masterpiece
10,It's fun.
10,The best in the series
10,A masterpiece that never changes over time.
10,Isn't it the best work that has been leading SF movies for over 20 years?
10,Top
10,James Cameroon is not a man
10,an immortal masterpiece
10,James Cameron's Biggest Masterpiece
10,Can Korea make a movie like this?A masterpiece among masterpieces
10,One of the most interesting movies I watched
10,The Terminator series is all fun and especially the second one is touching
10,Ten points is not enough. It's a movie that's really ten years ahead. I've seen this more than six times.
10,It sounds good.
10,You said that the famous lines in the scene were cool
10,The movie that I really enjoyed watching in science class
10,A movie that you can't get enough of. A really cool movie.
10,You're really the best
10,Nice sunglasses
9,The movie that was really interesting was Edward Fallon so handsome that movie that came out in my dream every day after day
10,Totally! It's fun! It's the best!
10,The best of the best!
10,It's fun to watch a few times
10,one of the few big hit movies that will be released now
10,This is the best
1,It's amazing! It's a masterpiece
10,a masterpiece showing a better sequel than the previous one But the sequel to 3rd and 4th episodes...
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,It is the most interesting movie I have ever seen
10,It's the best
10,Fun
10,It's not even a legend. It's literally a myth
10,a timeless masterpiece
8,It is a movie that perfectly directs the viewer's five senses.
9,Legend
10,The first movie I saw the day I bought my first video! (Singing "J")
9,The first movie I watched in elementary school.
10,James Cameron's Best Picture
10,It's really a masterpiece! Jenager!
10,It was the most fun of the Terminator series.
9,The movie that even the crying kid ends in no time...Terminator...
10,A trick beyond generations that allowed us to realize what true humanity is through a bleak future!
10,There's a second movie here. A masterpiece by James Cameron
9,1 and 2 are really masterpieces.
10,The Best Series
10,The Terminator started from the second part Good
10,No.1.
10,10 points considering that it was a movie 20 years ago. A masterpiece is fun even after time passes.
10,I strongly recommend the most interesting movie in the world. It's touching
10,There's no need for words
10,Both fun and touching...
10,This must be 10 points.
10,It's a fun movie no matter how many times you watch it! It's really amazing. You're the best!
10,The most famous movie in the world!!! What a touching movie!
10,A movie that doesn't fall off even if you watch it now!
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,The best masterpiece...Edward Furlong is so handsome crying
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger + James Cameron = Terminator
10,You're the best
10,You must have been appalled at this time.It's totally amazing
10,That's a lot of fun.
10,Do you need words? It's a waste to say that a movie that never gets tired of watching it a hundred times is the best
10,It was a culture shock for me to watch Ureume every year during vacation
10,I have never seen such an interesting movie.
10,A movie that always makes your heart flutter
10,The best movie of my life!
10,It's the best
10,The best movie of my life! I think I've seen Terminator 20 more times
10,It's fun
10,It's a big movie that you can't imagine
10,I can't believe it's 91 years old. It's the greatest science fiction thriller. By far the best in the series
10,It is a legend of SF.
10,The best SF movie...a masterpiece
10,a legendary film proving that Cameron is a genius
10,It's really fun
10,It's the best.
10,There is no need for words. One person who wants to know why the score is not 10 points
10,Best movie like Jurassic Park!
10,Let's not ignore the sequel.
10,This is 10 points.
10,It's the best masterpiece that broke the prejudice that there's no second movie better than the first one!
10,Good
10,Further details are omitted.
10,I don't know. It's so sad
10,There is no need for words.
10,The sequel is doomed when Cameron is in the hands of the film; it's so outstanding that it's no more fun than that
10,I really enjoyed the movie. It's a masterpiece. ^^
10,It's not a legend. It's a legend
9,Top
9,Larger scale and more sophisticated imaging technology
9,one of the few sequels to surpass the prequel
10,It's the best.
10,Legend.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece!
10,The first movie I watched since I was born is Terminator 2 lol It's still fun to watch.
10,You're the best!
10,It's fun. I downloaded it
10,Astara Vista Baby
10,the best movie
9,All I can say is that it's the best.
10,That's amazing
10,It's a fun but touching and lingering movie.
10,A movie that made Arnold a superstar
10,You're the best!
10,You're the best without saying a word
10,Will Be Back
10,Best................
10,The best number one movie of my life.
8,The best -_- dot! All the big movies have fun in the intro and trash in the back
10,That's cool. Good
10,give a horoscope for Terminator 2's 20th anniversary T2 Forever!
10,It was made in 1991. It's actually a future work that Cameroon made in 2091?
10,It's the best movie ever
10,The movie that left an impression at the end
10,Best Masterpiece Beyond Titanic
10,Everything is a perfect action movie
10,The best!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,It's just the best
10,A masterpiece that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,Don't overplay the best movie. The best should be given to a movie like this! Best action movie ever.
10,the best movie in name and reality
10,This is just the best...
10,I can't believe this is '91.Unbelievable! You have to give me at least 50 stars
10,It's still a masterpiece.
10,Best in the Terminator series
10,It's a 1991 film.......................................................
10,I can't even think of a Terminator without the second part.
10,It's hard to evaluate.
10,a long-lasting masterpiece be ten points short
10,He's the best of Terminator
10,What words are needed in this movie?
10,I'm much better than three idiots.
10,A movie that is more thrilling than 1
10,LOL... I don't know if it'll come out once in 100 years.No words needed for the movie
10,James Cameron enriches many people's lives.
10,an immortal masterpiece
10,Elementary school kid who gets ratings for other masterpieces after watching Titanic.They're the ones who get the stars
10,Terminator 2 is the truth...Will Bags is really... Oh!
10,Good
1,It's really OOO. I'd rather see Titanic--
10,As expected of Arnold! It's not a waste of the score!@@
10,What a trick for '91
10,The last part was touching. Good bye... Those born in 1994 were touched.
10,I have never seen such an interesting action movie
10,It's the truth of the truth! It's amazing that this movie was released in 1991.
10,The first movie that made me thrilled after watching it when I was young!
10,It is the best movie in my life.
10,needless words
10,It is the best movie in the history of movies.Arnold is the best.
10,Top
10,It's the best action movie ever.The highest quality movie...Compared to the year
10,A movie that made me realize that there are no more limits to computer graphics
10,Top
10,The movie that was made when I was born...But the best masterpiece!
10,One of the masterpieces of my life...There is no more of this sf.
10,It's fun...
10,What are the 1 points? It's not going up more than 10 points
1,It's fun...
1,Arnold... the epitome of hypocrisy
10,That's right. It's not a movie. It's a work of art
10,It's rare to see such a movie like this in 1991
10,It's indescribable...It's just amazing
9,I didn't expect the Terminator to shed tears. The sci-fi thriller movie that made me cry my eyes out!
10,Best in the Terminator series! What a trick to beat your brother.
10,Sci-fi who dares to give a perfect score. Truth beyond humans and machines. go over the screen
10,I think it's the most fun of Terminator
9,Is this really 1991?! It's a really great piece of work. I'll be Back!
9,A movie that I enjoyed as much as the first one.
9,I have no choice but to keep my thumb up.
9,One of the few "Better than you
9,There is no action movie like this. A film that James Cameron would not have made.
9,There hasn't been a sequel like this yet.
9,CG and action that's still impressive. The last scene is a bonus.
9,The greatest movie in the Terminator series. I want to see it again.
8,The Terminator series is forever.
8,The Best of the Terminator Series
10,a sequel better than the previous one Legend itself.
9,The last scene of Terminator 2 will last forever. I buried my face in a towel and cried for a long time.
10,Blockbuster is something like this. The power to capture a vast narrative never to be distracted
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Unbelievable perfect CG at the time of release. Amazing imagination. a perfect development
10,an incomparable trick to the first installment
10,You said you've seen him over 100 times.LOL I memorized all the lines from the main scene.It's really a masterpiece!
10,I admit it's a masterpiece
10,It's so much fun
10,Two is the truth...The greatest masterpiece.
10,Terminator 2...It's the truth.
10,LOL That's awesome
10,a masterpiece of all masterpieces
10,My best movie!
9,A film whose quality is surprisingly underestimated by many action scenes.
10,It's fun
10,This movie that came out in the middle because I was scared when I was young... I'll watch it again today.
10,It's the best movie in my 23-year-old life. Those who watched it in 1991 must have been so surprised.I'm touched
10,a wordless film
9,Best Hollywood science fiction I've ever seen...Terminator 2!
10,I'll turn on all the movies and say it's the last great scene
10,Just good! No need for words
10,The shock of seeing this movie for the first time is still unforgettable.
9,I'm a little bored. James Cameron is a genius.Wow! In 91...It's amazing. It's fun.
10,A movie you want to recommend to my daughter later on
10,Shut up and 10 points.
10,Cameron should have coached the Harry Potter series.
10,I waited 20 years. I hope to meet a movie that will give you the same thrill as T2.Damn it. Do I have to wait another 20 years?
10,I will never see a movie like this again.I'm sure
10,I enjoyed it. It was the best Haha
10,Titanic and Avatar's box office records weren't earned for nothing.Forever the number one action movie.
10,It brings back memories
10,The director is so smart. I can't believe he's making a masterpiece like this
10,the best movie of my life
10,All I can think about is that there will be another movie like this
10,T-2 is the best masterpiece of the four movies
10,He's my favorite director Video revolution!
10,It's the best. I love it
10,I think this movie is the best. Top
10,Video revolution!
10,It's already been 20 years. I haven't seen a movie like this in 20 years.
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger. Forever. I don't think there's any charisma like this in the future
10,The best...
10,Do I really need to say this?
10,It's a masterpiece that hits the world without words.
10,This movie is the best!!!
10,I can only say that it is a masterpiece. I think James Cameron is a genius
9,It's fun
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's Performance Beyond the Age of Will Be Back + SF's Best Picture
10,G R E A T
10,the best move in science fiction
10,Those who haven't seen this movie yet are unhappy
10,Marvelous.
10,A really well-made movie.
10,the greatest movie of all time
10,Edward Furlong is so handsome.I was mesmerized. That's how a human can be
10,The best sf!
10,I think I've seen it ten times. The last scene of the shooting in the tank lorry is a creation that will remain in modern history
10,The myth of a movie that's hard to reproduce again!
10,"Now I understand why humans shed tearsJohn" Ambassador still makes me emotional
10,Edward Furlong was so handsome.Is he a person? Namshin... His acting and good story are good
10,Are these legendary blockbusters not coming out again?
10,Human film art is divided into before and after Terminator 2.
9,That's when you say you put your heart and soul into it
10,This is a movie! This is a real movie! Please make it like this!
10,It's really good at the end
10,It's the best!
10,It's a masterpiece
10,Terminator 2 T-800 made me realize the value of life
10,Terminator 2 is coming out on OCN right now
10,This movie that I watched when I was in 6th grade in elementary school. Still the best movie of my life.--b
10,I dare say "video revolution"!
10,Terminator to save man. It's a much more touching story than the first one
10,Is this a movie from 1991?LOL Wow!
10,It's really fun
10,Edward Furlong John 1. I'm cool
10,cool
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,What do I need to say?
10,This movie is really the truth!
10,Director James Cameron is really amazing
10,I feel so sorry for the generation that didn't see this movie. Download it and make sure to watch it
10,a truly amazing graphic and action movie
10,It doesn't look like a '91 movie This is really fun.
10,There's no need for words. You're the best!
10,The best entertainment movie.
10,Someone said 1 point
10,The last scene where I raise my thumb still lingers.
10,Will back lol
10,the finalist of an action movie that transcends the previous film
10,This movie is the truth.
10,Will Be Back!
10,It was really cool and the last scene still lingers
10,It's a movie with some famous lines and the best movie I've ever seen!
10,Terminator is the truth of action movies. It's the best textbook
10,keep one'
10,This is 9.32? This has to be ten
10,Five masterpieces that are ahead of their time are not enough
10,I think 2011 is the best again. .
10,1 point. What's this? It's a masterpiece
10,You're the best!
10,Terminator is really fun
10,Good
10,Arnold is the best!
10,a real legend
10,It's better than 2000s movies.
10,I never get tired of it. The truth of this movie. Doubtful why it's not number one in the whole movie
10,It's really well made and it's a different movie from 3rd and 4th
10,I can't get enough of it
10,I can't forget the first time I saw this
10,The one who doesn't give this movie 10 points is dog OOO. Shoot 10 points.
10,When I saw a video dubbed as a Saturday masterpiece in a sauna...
10,This movie was my idol when I was young!
10,It's just the best. Just look at it and admire it
10,I hated 2PM when I stopped watching thisLOL
10,There is no need for words. People are divided into two categories: those who watched Terminator 2 and those who didn't.
10,I watched this at a young age and couldn't sleep at night for two days. Scary robot that doesn't die.
10,the greatest masterpiece of the nineties It will be very difficult to surpass T2 in any movie
10,Let's have fun
10,The best movie. I want to be born in Korea.
10,Two masterpieces that are funnier than the first one
10,The best movie of my life
10,The best movie! A masterpiece that you can't get enough of!
9,Applause to the Creator and Terminator!
10,10 points!
10,Is James Cameron really a genius?
10,I don't know if this was made in 1991... It's totally awesome
10,The crazy existence of John Connor that you have to live with
10,I really enjoyed it Haha
10,Can you imagine? This is 91 years old. It's worth opening now.
10,I don't know if there will be another movie like this...
10,Whoo... what more do I have to say???????
10,The memory of the last thumbs up...
10,No words needed
10,the highest rating of 10
9,9 points
10,It's the best
10,There's no need for words. I just give a thumbs up.
10,It's a great job. Graphic that's not like a movie from '91
10,It's the best
10,Director Cameron and Arnold's greatest masterpiece!!
10,No need for words
10,How can a 1991 film be so interesting - a fraudulent film.
10,It's the best movie ever
10,Top
10,There's no need for words.It's just the best!
10,How do I explain a science fiction movie that's worse than it was in 1991?
1,Not good.
10,No movie in the world can make them happy for those who find this movie boring.
10,I really enjoyed watching it
10,needless to say
10,a legendary film
10,Best SF Young-hoe
10,Top
10,The best movie of my life
10,The best movie ever! Please refrain from being thoughtless elementary school kids these days.
10,It's a movie where you can only say that's the best"
10,Absolute action. Good
10,This is fun.
10,Do you need another word?
10,Wjdwlgus1306 That's all rumour. Alba Sekhi is doing everything he can to get his GPA.
6,It's worth watching
10,When will our country make this kind of movie...
10,Good
10,Good
10,I cried.
1,Movies that elementary school kids like robots will like
10,Shut up and dope
10,10 out of 10!
10,It's just not obvious--?
10,Too bad I can't keep a DVD
10,It's fun
10,It's fun
1,Good bye...
10,It's fun
10,It's the best in the Terminator series!
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
10,Why can't this kind of movie come out these days?
10,I don't need words.
10,Terminator who created a future that we can't imagine! Good
9,Don't laugh
10,Terminator 1 was fun too. Terminator 2 is dead.
10,A really great movie
10,It's the best movie. A masterpiece
10,I can't even say anythingLOLIt's a movie that you can't beat Dragon Eni!
10,Legendary dragon or something
10,It's legendary
10,I will also give you 10 points. There is nothing boring about Terminator movies.
10,People who fall into the furnace with albibag are either pretentious or forgetting to watch movies
10,Terminator part 2 is the truth
10,This movie is like the best James Cameron ever.
10,I sometimes think of it and take it out.  This movie is like that. It's like an old friend.
10,a ten-point movie
10,It's a movie that I watched with my father when I was in kindergarten. It's really fun even now
10,The ones who give 1 point are all dogs
10,Do you need words?
10,Sf's masterpiece masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch now and I think there's no better masterpiece than this
10,Ah... What words do I need?
10,It's really the best Terminator series. Not enough ratings.
10,a ruined crop
10,There's no need for words
10,Fun.
10,I've watched the best movie over 50 times
10,RB: The bag
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger was able to shine even more!
10,jamming
10,A movie that doesn't need words!  Robert Patrick actually stands out more than Schwarzenegger. Too bad he's buried
10,If people all over the world don't know Terminator... People who don't even know the word movie
7,a movie worth watching
10,No words needed. It's a movie that's so touching and action-packed
9,Isn't it the most popular work in the Terminator series?
10,The best masterpiece that I never got tired of
10,It's too long
1,I can't believe this is top 10
10,Milestones in the New SF Movie!
10,a perfect movie
10,the double truth
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,a renaming work
10,a shocking video Now it's the funniest thing James Cameron ever took.
10,Exchequer Terminator is super fun
10,It's a masterpiece
10,The liquid-sauce terminator is here!
10,I can't believe I made a movie like this in '91.
10,The best movie of my life. I've seen enough scenes and lines to memorize.
9,The movie that I watched until the videotape fell and broke ^^
10,This is the work that told me that this is what a movie is like.
10,I think I've seen it about 200 times since I was in middle school
10,There's no need for words. You have to see it
10,A movie I can't get enough of. This is the best of the four movies. I've never seen a movie like this before
10,It's really fun.
10,We dare to use the expression 'legend' after watching a movie like this.
10,I think it is the most interesting SF movie I have ever seen. It is the best even when I was young and now
10,The eternal legend of action movies
10,Best SF movie of all time. No explanation needed!!!
10,The best movie that can be said to surpass the previous record. Seeing is believing!!!
10,One of the few movies that lacks 5 stars!
10,The best movie of my life
10,Will I be able to watch this kind of movie again?
10,The movie that even Oketi is happy to see... It's a great movie.
10,I think I've seen this movie 200 times. It's still the best!
10,There's no need for words
10,What else do I need to say?
10,You must have watched it like 10 times
10,LOL Isn't this just a national movie? It's awesome
10,One-point owners know children who are in their 30s and older who are not born or even in primary school
10,It's a 1991 movie. It's amazing even now How much more amazing would 1991 have been?
10,Good!
10,The movie I watched the most repeatedly.I think it's lucky that such a movie exists.
10,I don't need to say anything else. It's the best.
10,Amazing action and heartbreaking touching is really the best movie!!!
10,Top
10,Go home and look at her
10,No need for words.
1,OOO movie -- not funny
10,It's a movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,The best science fiction movie of all time. A greater movie than Avatar
10,It's amazing that a movie like this came out in '91
10,It's fun
10,jackpot
10,Let's raise it to number 1 on Terminator 2!
1,I don't think it was a great movie.
10,When I saw human casualties 0.0 after shooting machine guns at cops on Cyberdyne...
6,When is this movie from?
10,The movie that was more touching because I watched it when I was young... Really good good
10,You're the best!
1,Why is this???
10,The best neck!
10,be short of ten points.I want to give you 100 points
10,This movie is throughout human history. It's the best movie ever.
10,The best movie of my life! I've seen 30 more times. The most fun movie... Will a movie like this come out again?
10,Good
10,This movie will be unforgettable.
10,LOLLegend? Legend?
10,The person below... The legend is legendary LOL
10,a legendary movie
9,The great creation of the T-1000 can offset all shortcomings.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Can I watch a movie that gives me this much fun before I die?
10,Part 1 is fun and part 2 is the best...Part 3 is trash out of trash.Part 4 is okay
10,James Cameron's best picture is Terminator 2.
10,The Terminator series is the best in both 1.2.
10,One of the movies that won't be forgotten a hundred years later
10,the glamour of spectacular sights and plots
10,the best without words
10,Top
10,The best movie of my life
10,the best movie
10,the best five
10,The most interesting movie I watched...
10,the most powerful film
1,Teolmin waiter was more fun
9,The essence of entertainment movies with outstanding theme awareness and both cinematic and box office performance!
10,Will there be a movie like this in the future? This is really awesome.
10,Terminator 1 and 2 are all amazing
10,I think I've seen it about 20 times
10,It's the best movie ever
10,Good
1,Wow!
10,It's so nice
10,It is questionable how many such movies will come out in the future.
10,I don't need words.
10,Good
1,I wish Gladiator would win first place. But this is so much fun too
1,Yuck
10,one of the greatest masterpiece
10,A masterpiece of Hee-dae that opened a new chapter in detailed storyline and CG technology. report
10,This has raised the level of filmmakers to the next level.
10,The infinite meaning of my life
10,The movie that's gonna follow is probably...I don't think so.
1,I don't like it
10,The movie Arnold is the best.
10,Best Sf
10,It's just the best
10,There's no SF movie that's comparable
10,Best movie without words!!!
10,I'll be the winner forever
10,That's the best
10,It's not 2011. It's 1991. It's amazing
10,No need for words
10,SF movie that is now on the list of masterpieces...
10,I can't believe it was a 12-year-old viewer in '91.
10,What more do you need to say?
10,I downloaded this video and saw it. It's amazing
1,Money?
7,Even though it's 1991... I don't know...
10,It was amazing.
10,Good
10,It was really the best. The thought of those days makes my heart pound. Looking at the ending credits... That lingering feeling is
10,What is "Better than the 1st"!
10,"There is no second movie better than the first one.the perfect counterpoint to the old saying "
10,It's a masterpiece that I enjoyed more than the first one is also a masterpiece
10,Don't forget that you won first place
10,It was the best
10,It's the best...
10,Best in the Terminator series... no words needed.
10,I'm sad that I couldn't give you more than 10 points
10,Top
10,You're the best!
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I watched it in the theater when I was in 8th grade. I watched it sitting in the aisle.It wasn't the seat system at the time.the greatest masterpiece
10,This is a SF movie
10,a film that marked a milestone in the film industry
10,It's really a masterpiece!
10,This is... There's no need for words.lol
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's fan!
10,Thought to be the most masterpiece of Terminator!
10,It fell out!
10,I used to copy the scene where I was loading my shot gun when I was doing survival with my friends
10,A blockbuster masterpiece!
10,It's a long way to go to catch up with this movie
10,I thought about how it would have been if I saw it at the theater
10,A movie that changed some kids' future hopes.
9,I watched it again yesterday because I was bored
10,It's Choi to the
10,Top
10,Good
10,Memories that touched my heart at the theater
10,Handsome... Oh...
10,The movie "The One Who Didn't Give 10 Points = The One Who Doesn't Have the Right to Watch" is a natural movie
10,The most interesting movie. I can't find any other expression
10,Look for James Cameron's film. Nothing falls below 8.7
10,Why can't I get sick of it? Why can't I get sick of it?
10,It's just good
10,It's 10 points... It's hard to argue... It's really... Arnold Schwarzenegger's movie
9,It's fun... But it's foreign so 9 points
10,This is fun
10,I miss my muscular brother Arnold.It's the best
10,Who's the one who gives this one point? It's not just an action movie
10,I bet they're joking
10,The best of my life
1,a bad movie
8,I watched this movie more than 10 times. It was a fresh shock in my childhood when I didn't know the meaning.
6,I don't understand why it's 9 points
10,I enjoyed watching it. I don't remember ^^;
10,a perfect movie
10,I get immersed no matter how many times I see it.
10,It's so much fun [Laughing]
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's is good!
10,It's a movie of God. Revolution of SF Movies
10,All-back-haired sunglasses shot-gun bag Harley-Davidson --b
10,It's amazing every time I see it!
10,a masterpiece ahead of its time
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get tired of even if you watch it again
10,There is no need for words.
10,The best...
10,What movie do people who don't give 10 points to this movie watch?
10,This movie is still the best of the best
10,The best before and now...
9,It's fun.
10,It's the best
10,┌ an unconscious mindless
6,I can't forgive you for beating your brother-in-law. Brother-in-law is the best
10,Is this a movie? It's a perfect legend that doesn't change over time!
10,As expected! The best! L
10,That's awesome
9,I watched a movie on television. It's thrilling
10,It's a movie that's made a thousand times better than Avatar
10,You're the best of the best!
10,It was the best...
10,jackpot
10,Titanic oscar 11 wins site 2 oscar 4 wins ;; but the battlefield 2 is better lol
10,There's nothing like this in an old movie. It's really fun. It's got a lot of tension and a story
1,It's a good movie. Why is this number one?
10,It's too well made to be a '91 movie
10,He's the best. But Avatar is the royal net. Cameroon has regressed more than ever
1,Titanic was pushed;;
1,Why is this first place?
10,I was so into it when I was a kid.
10,Waiting for Transformers 2 for two years didn't give the movie a thrill.
10,The best of the best
1,This is why NAVER gets criticized. I can't believe Terminator is first place.
10,the best movie
10,It's the best
10,It's the best number one movie I've ever seen. It's the best
10,This is what liquid crystal movies are like ~ [Laughing]
10,It's a legend ^____^
10,It's really cool. Good!
10,a wordless film
10,The best movie of my life
10,Fun and versatile
10,You're not a harmonious lover. Why are you being silly here?
10,How can this be from 1990?
10,Top LOL
1,Terminator is a trivalent jam
10,It's just a good movie to watch
10,It's touching and fun. It's the best.
10,This is amazing
10,Minebooh Terminator and the last thumbs up scene... I can't help but give you 10 points.
10,I'm a national fan누I'm sorry if I don't know who did it
10,I'm a fan of the national team. I'm sorry. I hope it's quiet.
10,It was made in '90 right?
10,I'm sorry for the national team director and staff who worked hard making movies. Those trash
1,I don't like movies like this...
1,This is not the rating.The national anthem is more innovative and fun
10,I have never cried while watching an action movie
10,This is a legend
1,Not as much as a national representative.
10,How do you compare yourself to the national team?
10,It's the best work
10,It's the truth
10,It's too short
10,It is the most interesting in the Terminator series
10,It's still fun...
10,a movie that is not at all tacky
10,Good
10,Today is the tenth time I've seen you.It's the best movie I've seen over and over again.^^
10,It's the best movie I can't get enough of
10,This is the best.
10,the best movie of my life
10,I think it's the funniest Terminator series.
10,Top
10,The movie that made me like director Cameron
10,That's when you use it.
10,a masterpiece of history
10,a masterpiece by James Cameron
10,Breaking news! Avatar movie monster will hit 13 million viewers in history
10,There's no need for words.
10,The movie I watched 5 times in the theater
10,I don't need to say anything
9,The best...
10,a successful sequel case
9,Touching...
10,a work that will go down in history
2,Cameron dumped it after Terminator 2 and the series blew up
10,the greatest work of my life
10,The best movie of my life
1,I don't think so
10,a perfect movie
10,James God!
10,Arnold is the best movie in the crazy Terminator series! Do you need more words?
1,This is really fun.
10,the greatest perfect movie ever
10,It's fun
1,the national team
10,Do you need words?
10,Cameron is the god of movies
10,They give 1 point to every masterpiece
10,Top
1,The national team has to be number one. The national team is the best
10,I enjoyed watching it. The last scene is especially sad
10,Recovery Team
10,The best...
10,A movie that doesn't need to be said
10,A renaming that you can't get enough of!
10,Everyone has seen this movie. The action is amazing. It's fun. It's a masterpiece
1,John 1 is fun. I'm going to give you a lower rating
10,Will another SF masterpiece like this come out after 30 years... Best!
10,10 points... it's beyond the movie I can evaluate
10,It's a movie that's fun and makes your heart race!
10,The best masterpiece...open a new chapter in science fiction
10,I can't look away for a moment. I can't believe I made a movie like this 20 years ago.
10,There's no movie like this. A masterpiece of a masterpiece!
10,A new era of SF movies! Avatar is not for nothing.
10,You're the best
10,NAVER is cool. This is the best movie. This is the best movie
10,The national team members ruined the ranking of NAVER movies
10,a great film
10,A movie that's not enough even if you give me 10 points
10,It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the best movie in the whole world
10,Such a great movie
1,Rating adjustment required
5,It's not that
10,It's good
8,Is this 9.29??? I don't think it's... 8 points is enough...
8,Is this 9.29??? I don't think it's... 8 points is enough...
1,He's so touched. He's so calm
10,I don't know what to say.L
10,Let's not talk about science fiction without watching this. It was a real revolution. I don't know about the kids.
10,There's really no movie like this.
1,That's the best
1,Bad
10,It's the best.
10,It's really the best.
1,Bad
1,Bad
1,Bad
10,What does James Cameron really have in his head to create these masterpieces?
10,The only movie I've seen more than 20 times...
9,It lingers a lot
1,Top
1,Ranking down
10,I was thrilled
10,Avatar is as bad as this.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,"Humanism". You can tell if you watch this movie
8,Terminator is really fun
10,Obviously not the best masterpiece. But the movie I enjoyed the most.
10,Nomaji Wins Old Terminator
10,A movie that will be remembered in the history of movies
10,Terminator is the best
10,Go up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Terminator is the best!
10,It is a masterpiece of all time
10,Does this need an explanation?
10,It's the best movie I've seen.
10,It's just amazing... It's a great masterpiece no matter how many times I see it!
10,Liquid man is the best
10,The most interesting movie ever!
10,the best five
10,be short of a perfect score
10,I still remember the impression that I saw in the theater 20 years ago. There's nothing missing!
10,classic
10,James Cameron is the best director ever
10,The best movie
10,I can't believe this kind of movie came out at this time
10,The first movie that made me cry...;;
10,A masterpiece out of all masterpieces. It's fun to watch again
10,I watched it as it was whenever I saw it on TV of OO in my first movie.It's always new
10,Why did I watch such a movie now?
10,Turn it all off -- I post this movie
10,a movie that will be remembered for a long time
10,The best of the best
10,How can you make a movie so fun?
10,Just shut up and enjoy it... it's a masterpiece.
10,It's dope
9,A movie that's still on air after 20 years - I don't want to watch it anymore
10,Top
10,I've been through this movie 100 times. It's the first time I've ever seen a movie that's really touching from the beginning to the end to end
1,I still have this video. But you have to be below the national team.
10,10 points to keep the national team in check
10,I saw it close to 30.
10,a masterpiece without words / the soulless harmony of man and machine
10,The best. Edward Furlong is handsome
8,It's so much fun
10,I watch this once a year. I watch it again from beginning to end
10,Look at the year.This is from 1991.What more do I need to say?
10,Best movie I've ever seen.
10,It's incredible. It's incredible.
10,Robert Patrick's (t1000) impressive film
10,The best! The best!
10,One of the greatest works of the nineties. I remember showing only this in all theaters when it was released in Korea.
10,Will Be Back - One of the masterpieces of an action movie
10,You're the best!
10,It's so much fun!~~
10,This movie is the best even if you watch it again
10,The movie that made me a movie mania
10,The best movie of all time. The best movie
10,I can't believe this movie is behind the national team.I can only laugh
8,SF's fantasy. Sadness falling short of Abyss. Patrick's fantasy casting. Miss Casting an Actress
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's the best even if I watch it again.
10,This is the best movie ever
10,It's dope.
10,It's the best
10,The best movie of my life!
10,The greatest masterpiece beyond the prequel! The masterpiece that once prevailed...
10,It's so much funHaha
10,Terminator should have ended in two episodes.
10,My life!
10,This is the best. No words needed
10,I can say without hesitation that it is the number one movie of my life.
10,Awesome. It's the first movie I saw in kindergarten. I still remember that feeling
10,It's just a masterpiece
10,It's a great movie that's worth saying that it's the best action movies
10,As called the greatest sequel in history; James Cameron as well
10,It's just the best
10,It's against the times.
10,No words needed.
10,You're the best!
10,It's just dope
10,I was shocked after watching this movie when I was a kid in 1991.
10,It's the best!
10,It's fun
10,Best SF Movie
10,I wish I could be the villain's terminator.
10,Terminator...a reference film
10,It was the only movie theater I watched twice
10,Good
10,The best movie ever and never will be
10,It's one of the best action movies.
10,It's fun.
1,Let's put it down
10,the best movie
7,That's the best Terminator series.
10,This is...
10,That's the best action flick
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,How did they make a movie so well?
10,cool
10,One of the best action movies
10,There is no dispute that it is the best made of the Terminator series
10,What a trick!
10,I secretly took out any video and watched Terminator... changed my movie life
10,Oh my god
10,Just a bit
10,a masterpiece that will remain in the history of cinema
10,This is the truth of Terminator
10,What more do you need to say?
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! A masterpiece of a masterpiece!
1,Star d
10,It's the best movie!
10,Is there another perfect movie that is this crazy thrilling?
10,It's a masterpiece that I really made well!
10,SF masterpiece was recognized for its high expectations and quality
10,There is no SF movie that can match this level of movie yet!
10,A masterpiece that will remain in the history of movies!
10,the first movie to give a rating
10,a great movie
10,A better sequel than the previous one. It's Terminator 2
10,the best follow-up
10,Is there no jam? I want you to make it
7,suitable for killing time
10,A movie to watch before you die
10,It's the best! It's an attractive SF movie that a girl will fall for
10,You're always the best
10,It's so much fun
10,Top
10,Wow~ (No comment needed)
10,The movie that shocked me a lot when I was 7 years old.I don't mind giving him 10 points.It's fun even now.
10,Brother Arnold
10,It was the most groundbreaking movie of my life. This was when I was in elementary school
10,I still can't forget the thrill of that time
10,It's the best of the Terminator'
1,Terminator is really good at riding motorcycles
1,I don't like Terminator
10,Who the hell is a rating controller??? I don't know if I've lost track of it.
10,Ah.. I think this kind of movie will never come out again..My thoughts;;
10,I can't forget how moved I was after watching this movie when I was young ^^
10,The best five-fingered work in the Terminator series
10,I can't get enough of it even though I watch it a million times.
1,...it's fun but..The rating is too high. Please adjust it.
10,It was fun to see the minigun mane
10,The Greatest Film in Earth's History
10,Culture shock... the first and last movie you gave me.
10,S-Faction Movie Textbook
10,It was a movie with a favorite worldview among the post-Apocalypse movies.^^~
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. It makes me cry at the end
10,All I can say is the best.
10,A masterpiece... Everything can be expressed in that word. A science fiction film that covers everything.
10,The sequel is one of the most interesting movies.
10,There is no need for words.It's the best!
10,What else do you need to say?
10,10 out of 10
10,The people who don't give this movie a score of 10 are the ones who will say that the milk they drink for the first time in their lives tastes bad
10,It's fun to watch it over and over again
10,Are you a part-timer?
10,a much better man than the sequel
10,Best SF Movie
10,a film whose only word is "the best" is the sequel to a prequel
10,be better than Haeundae
10,The best! A classic
10,It's a masterpiece even when I watched it when I was young and now
10,A movie that clearly proved that there's a sequel that's better than the previous one.be short of a rating of ten
10,It's a movie that will win the box office even if you hang it to the theater right now
10,James Cameron's great work is right here.
10,This isn't a movie that can even evaluate a score
10,I can't believe I lost to the national team. I'm so patriotic
10,Top 10 Best Movies of My Life
10,be 100 times better than the national army
10,I watched it at the theater with a nervous heart when I was in middle school.The last one. Thumbs up. It's
10,There's no needless words!
10,The person who says this movie is not funny is expressing himself as a nerd...
10,Do you need a word?
10,It's legendary.
10,Long live James Cameron!~~
10,Does it make sense that this has a lower GPA than the national anthem? What an immortal masterpiece!
10,A masterpiece ahead of its time! I wish Edward Hullon would have been in the third movie
6,Just
10,Cheers!
10,This was the most touching and shocking thing in my elementary school days. The best movie ever! You're the best!
1,It's not fun...
10,The best movie of my life
10,Will be back
10,I don't need to say much. Top.
10,James Cameron... you can see why this director is a genius in this movie.Arnold is the best
10,A masterpiece that I think the results of human ignorant nuclear weapons and machine development have shown well in this film!
10,Top
10,I haven't seen a movie that beats Terminator 2 so far.
10,I think this is the best movie
10,This is a real movie
10,Thriller and novel movie that can't be believed to have been produced before OOO. I think the director is a genius.
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's fun to watch it again
8,Movie sounds good
10,The best movie of my life! Not even the first place!
10,Fun
10,It's so much fun
10,It's not weird even if it's 10 points
10,Good
10,Second only to the national team
10,I wonder if this kind of movie will ever come out again.
10,It's the best.
10,A movie that you fall in love with every time you watch it 100 times!Will there be a movie like this in the future?
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Is there another movie like this coming out?
10,A movie like this in 1990. The best in the Terminator series. I miss Edward
10,That's good~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
10,The best masterpiece I've ever seen in my fifth year of elementary school
10,A movie that's not enough even if you give me 10 points
10,I even dreamt about it
10,I watched it in the theater when I was in the fourth grade of elementary school and it was very interesting.
10,I'm amazed by people who curse
10,The thrill I felt will never come back.
10,Terminator 2 masterpieces. 1st episode was fun.~~
10,dang
10,You're the best. Do you need words?
10,The best masterpiece... It's really fun to watch again
10,Where's the part-time job?Stop talking nonsense
10,No need for the best words.
10,More than an action movie!
10,Will Be Back
10,A movie that I always watch with excitement even after watching it 100 times.
10,I heard "2" is a masterpiece
10,It's coming back. I still have this in my mind.
10,the best movie
9,Isn't this the best masterpiece? I don't need to say this or that.
9,I don't think it's a good idea to win first place.
1,Beggar
1,Why do you have so many part-time jobs?
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's a 1991 movie and it's really awesome. It's the best. lol
10,It's the best. I can't forget it
10,I can't forget the best scene
8,The best character in the Terminator series is T-1000
10,I enjoyed it the most
10,the best
10,Fun...
10,That's awesome
10,The movie "Terminator" made me like it
10,Terminator movie is good
10,10 points for no reason.
10,I like it's good
8,He was a better brother than his brother and his brothers were worse than his brother.
10,I think it's the best movie in the Terminator series
10,Don't talk about SF movie without watching it
10,Terminator. He's a grandfather now.
10,The best SF movie...
10,It's so much fun! crying
10,This is God's work
10,It's so much fun
10,Trending 2 or T4 has depth that can't be matched no matter how much CG...
10,I don't need to talk about it. It's a successful movie.Action SF masterpiece
1,snatched
10,a masterpiece without words
10,The Terminator series is all good.
10,There's no needless words! The best movie of my life!
10,It's fun.LOL
10,Terminator should have ended at 2. lol
10,I talk with my friends. It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,snatched
10,I don't need any other phrases. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a work that completely broke "There's no brother like you."
10,Legends never change!
10,Was this from 1991?
10,A movie that's fun to watch again and again
10,A movie that's always fun to watch
10,Top
10,I can't believe I can't watch this in the theater.
10,Can I see this movie in the theater while I buy it?
10,It's hard to make a movie like this
10,Arnold is the best
10,It's the best movie in the world lol
10,Will a movie that surpasses this movie be released after 100 years?
10,It's so touching to see you finish it at the last scene
10,This movie was really the best. for ever and ever
10,It's an eternal masterpiece for me. I think I lack 10 points.
10,The best!
10,10 points is the best
10,The best masterpiece of my life!
10,As expected of the awesome Terminator!
10,ID jk_r90... It is a movie that came out in the 1980s. Shim Hyungrae. When we filmed a movie wearing a dinosaur mask
10,Are there any more movies like this?
10,It's really the best
10,Best movie with all the blockbusters
10,A great movie
10,Literally the best movie
10,The rating is 10 points!
10,This movie is the best!
10,I have never seen such an interesting movie! You're the best!
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I really enjoyed it
10,the best movie of my life
10,Good
10,This is just the best ^^
10,This is just the best
10,the best movie of one's life
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it!
10,The shock that I couldn't describe when I came out of the theater in 1991  Don't insult the legend!
10,I really want to get rid of the things that I'm cutting my GPAs for movies like this kind of movie
1,The movie that I watched again after watching the new one
10,a masterpiece of philosophy/action/anything
1,Go down!
8,8 out of 10!
10,It's much more fun than the third one
10,a new paradigm A step forward in action?
10,Good
1,(Sound of laughter)
10,Don't fake it
10,I have seen this movie. I want to see it again. You made it so well Thank you
10,It's the best movie ever made.the greatest movie of the nineties
10,The best movie ever
10,T2 is always the best.I'm sorry I didn't see you in the theater.crying
10,I admit it. It's not a movie. It's like a real world truck
10,The Terminator liquid is the best when you turn on the TV. I can't get enough of it
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,It's not even a trick to give it a star rating
10,Cameron and Arnold's greatest masterpiece!~~~
10,Ee-tongue...
10,It was a great movie in the 90s.
10,Good
10,the best and last film of one'slol
10,The best masterpiece of Terminator!
10,I'm the 3000th Netizen participant
1,Oh my god
10,The best movie of my life!
10,After watching the beginning of the future war... The most impressive movie ever
10,None of the existing films outnumber this one.
10,an untimely masterpiece
1,(G)I-DLE movies...
1,(Coughing
10,It was released in '91
1,You don't have to believe in ratings
10,You're the best.
10,Do kids who mark such masterpieces without thinking get ratings after watching a movie?
10,Terminator 2 seems to be the only sf that lingers.I can't get enough of it!
10,It's the best
7,It's not enough
10,I can't find a dump It's a masterpiece
10,The sequel is not fun?That doesn't work in this movie. OST and ending are all the best
10,Best in the Terminator series. Out of 10. The opening music is so touching.
1,Is there anyone who didn't watch this? First and second place is directed by Cameron. Amazing
1,Not good
10,One of the best movies!
10,Shut up and give me 10 points
3,Bored from the middle
10,moving
10,That's a great movie!
10,I had a lot of fun with my friends
10,It's as good as it is now. The movie I watched while holding my breath when I was in elementary school...It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
1,It's not--
6,The first episode...
10,Good
1,Not fun
1,It's just an entertainment movie
10,I want to purposely give you a review for this masterpiece
10,This is fun
1,Why am I not interested in Terminator?
10,Good luck
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life with Titanic.
10,1992 I watched this movie for no reason. All the action movies that have been released so far are not satisfactory.
10,The movie that flirted with Furlong when he was in DiCaprio's
10,It's the best in the Terminator series
10,I can't forget Edward Furlong's tears
10,What words are needed?
10,I don't think it's a man-made movie. The best movie. Artwork.
10,It's amazing that there are nine points in this movie. 10 points for nothing
10,Fire that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 10 times!A masterpiece!
10,It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the best movie of my life.
10,Good. Good
10,10 points for me! 10 points!
10,Is it a movie from 1991?
10,the king of movies
10,It's the best
10,The best...
10,Terminator 2 is the best.
10,The power of the m79 grenade launcher! The best follow-up with Alien 2! SF Technology Noir
10,It is a waste of 100 years for a more perfect movie to come out.
10,Top
10,Just eat it
10,Good
10,One word is the best
10,It's always a masterpiece.
10,Good shot!!! I really can't believe this movie was made in 1991.It is 100 times bigger than movies these days
10,I cried at the end crying
10,There is no masterpiece more than 30 years of my life
10,A movie with a magnificent and beautiful jade t-shirt
1,Why me?
10,I can't forget Terminator's best work!
10,CG isn't all it's cracked up to be
10,A movie that I watch several times a year on DVD
10,Even the song is good. A movie
10,The most interesting Terminator
10,The funniest movie!!!"
4,I'll be back.
10,OOO is still...It's a movie that makes you gasp.It is the greatest work of the time
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,It's really fun
10,The sequel went over the top. There's nothing but praise!
10,Top
10,It's awesome.
10,It was like yesterday when I saw him in the theater two weeks before he joined the army and compared T1 and T2 with his classmates at the training center
10,I think it's the best movie in history
10,What do I need to say anything
10,It's really fun
9,a film that will go down in history beyond the technology of the times
10,It's fun to watch it 10 times
10,It's a great movie
10,The beginning of a big action movie
10,John 1 is so funny. It's a masterpiece
10,The Most Innovative Works with Jurassic Park
10,I think this is the most watched movie I've ever seen. It's the best!
10,Re-release it right now
10,I've watched it 40 times. It's a masterpiece! Best movie ever
10,I can't believe this was a movie 20 years ago...
10,I don't need any explanation. Just look.
10,Sigh... This is just the best
10,Legend
10,10 out of 10!
10,It just doesn't need words...
10,It's so much fun
10,A movie that turned the world upside down at the time.
10,I was scared of liquid liver.It was the best movie in the world
5,It's not that...
10,The best in SF
10,There's really no need for words... The best movie ever!
10,It's a masterpiece even if you're a masterpiece! It was the best movie of my life before The Dark Knight came out! Term 4. Damn it.;
10,I think I know why Arnold is in the Guinness Book of World Records and why he's ranked No. 1 in Hollywood ransom!
10,It is a masterpiece that will remain intact even if it is released in the theater for 20 years like the movie "The Future Seo-on."
10,-What was the shock of watching this movie?  It's like the shock of primitive man experiencing modern civilization
10,I wish I had been born earlier.
10,That's amazing.
10,a wordless piece of art
10,I was touched by the same effect and direction as now.
10,It's disgusting.It touched me.
10,It's the best movie in the Terminator series!
10,What do you need to say? Judgment Day is the best work that will go down in history. I'm coming back!
10,A movie that is fun to watch more than 100 times. A really perfect movie. James Cameron is a genius.
10,It was really fun and touching
10,King Wang Jjang! Wow! Good!
10,I didn't know that the enemy in Part 1 was an ally in Part 2.
9,It's the best blockbuster.
10,That's the best. I still remember watching it with my relatives in the past
10,I remember watching it when I was very young. It's always fun
10,Can I see this fresh and shocking SF movie again?
10,The perfect movie. The person who opens it after watching it on TV is out of his mind.  See the release date.
10,Building explosion was the worst It's like he's playing with fire on a building model
10,It's the best in the Terminator series!
10,No one can deny that the series is the best!
10,The best SF masterpiece!
10,10 points
10,Wow.
10,Wow.
10,jackpot
10,I've seen T2 15 times.
10,It's a masterpiece.
8,a historical work
10,There is no Terminator better than Terminator 2 LOL
10,It's fun. There's a bit of thrills
10,This is a movie
10,The best last scene! Let's make it perfect!
10,I'm so touched~! It's not even comparable to episode
10,It's the best!
10,All I can say is that you're the best
10,It's worth getting first place...
10,It deserves to be number one; how many times have I seen it since I was young? I strongly recommend it!
10,What words are needed? Probably the most famous SF movie in the world.
10,I can't believe it's a OOO movie
10,It's the best!
10,The best series! I'm touched by the last scene
10,A movie that doesn't look like an old movie.
10,Just everyone! SF best with Aileen 2!
10,I don't think it's going to be a movie that will shock you for a long time.
10,the best without words
10,It's perfect... It's so...
10,It's the best
10,It's really the best
10,I should've ended it in part two.
10,The art of science fiction movies. Video Revolution Suspicious of Production Year 1991
10,James Cameron is kind of awesome.
10,It's a masterpiece
10,Who would have imagined this in 1991?
10,the best movie
10,the best of action movies
10,an action film textbook
10,I can't say anything. It's a waste of 10 movies that touch and leave a lingering impression
10,It's fun to throw up.
10,It's still amazing. I think I would've said everything back then.
10,Go to trash movies like 3 or 4 movies. 2 movies are the best
10,the best
10,It's a legendary movie
10,The crazy best
10,Strongest power
10,It's a legend.
10,This is so much fun
10,When can SF blockbusters that surpass T2 come out? -_-
10,The best 5movie I've ever seen in Arnold and Cameron's work!
10,cool
10,Combination of countless master lights and perfect actors! What more do you need to say?
10,It's a movie that was released in 1991 when all the audience gave a standing ovation at the theater. Can't you imagine?
10,There is no more Terminator series
10,This is called a masterpiece. The best of SF blockbusters!
10,It's always fun to watch.
10,James Cameron is a genius... Will this kind of movie never come out these days?
10,It's fun even now
10,The first movie I saw... It's really fun...
10,A movie that deserves a perfect score on everything
10,Good
10,You're the best!
10,Does this need words?Shut up and 10 points
10,Yes.
10,the best five
10,Oh... Cook Sackies. That glorious scene
10,I'm watching T4 with T2 HD quality after coming home to relieve my emptiness
10,the best five
10,It's a great movie! I can't watch it!
10,a better part than the first part
10,GoodLOL
10,the best five
10,Who gives these movies a point? It was released in 1991 and it was the best then...
10,I think it's the best in the series.
10,Cook ruined the Terminator image!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,The best science fiction masterpiece in history...It's a perfect movie even now
10,Ter4 is fun. I'm worse than Ter2
10,The Terminator will never forget the best movie
10,It's more fun than a cartoon!
10,This is the best!
10,By far the best...
10,Terminator is terminator
10,I just saw Terminator 4. The second installment is the best in the series.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I wonder if there will be another movie like this?
9,ISBACK and Terminator's learning ability is so good
10,It's a masterpiece that completely shattered the fact that the sequel is not as good as the previous one. It was the best!
10,Legend
10,Top 5 movies that I really enjoyed watching
5,an amazing movie for the time being
10,Good
10,The best movie of the time
9,a blockbuster production
1,Commercial movies...I don't think so
10,All I can say is the best
10,a masterpiece that will go down in history
10,Movie! Terminator 2 is the only movie that comes to mind.
10,It's so much fun even watching it now. Good!!!!!!!
10,It's a movie that changed my life.
10,It is a movie that I want to use part-time job to get 10 points.
10,All I can say is that it's the best.
10,Do I need to say something? I will be back!
10,That poster sitting on Arnold's motorcycle is still cool.
10,It's definitely the best in the Terminator series!!!
10,This much in '91.
10,I have watched this movie so many times since I was young. Best movie ever!
10,What will Terminator 4 be like?
10,a wordless film
10,The scene where a pistol got caught coming out of the cage was the best graphic scene in this movie
10,I need to get 10 points for this
10,Great! Edward Whealong made the movie luxurious
10,It's a masterpiece that I can't get enough of
10,Good
10,The movie that fits the word "best" the best
10,Top
10,I wonder how such a high-quality work came to be in 1991.
10,I haven't given you a rating yet.
1,This is a movie. It's a good movie where teenagers win money at a bank
10,1991 Released... That's amazing.
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,I didn't know it would be such a masterpiece.
9,a well-made film
10,That's the best. I have nothing to say
10,It will be recorded as the best sf movie in human history
10,The most memorable thing in the Terminator series... The ending was so touching.
10,Top
9,a masterpiece that will go down in the history of action films
10,Every single best movie of my life is impeccable
10,How can such a movie be said to be 20 years ago. This movie is the revolution of the movie industry itself!
10,No matter how many times I replay it...It's the best... I even memorized all the lines...
1,How is this on Shawshank Escape?
10,It's really fun
10,4 is coming out in May now. I am really looking forward to it. A movie that doesn't need words.
10,Definitely the best... The best ever...
10,be beyond description Immortal masterpiece with "The Matrix"!
10,The best fun! The best ending! I was overwhelmed by the movie
10,I could know the movie because of Terminator 2.
10,A moving action masterpiece that will remember the path to movie history!
10,The best... I have nothing to say other than that
10,No words needed.It's a trick
10,It's just a soup of emotion; Arnold is a chu-o
10,It's such a perfect movie
10,Is there no 100 points?
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece that needs no words.
10,It's been 17 minutes. Best movie ever again ^^
10,It's a waste of 100 points in super high definition.
10,I'm not bored after watching it dozens of times. You're the best!
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece that makes the thrill and emotion of the whole body stay in my body for a long time!!!!!
9,I'll take it to the second half of 9 points. What's this? The story is so perfect
10,It's really fun lol
10,There's really no need for words.
10,There's no more movie than this yet
10,This movie was released 2 years before I was born. This movie is a legend now...
10,grape
10,Wow! I saw it again in OOO.It's the best
10,No matter how many times I see you~~
10,That's great. I think I've seen it a hundred times.
10,Is this really from 1991?
10,The burial surface is a series of shocks and horrors. The best movie that can be released right now!
10,For those who don't know Terminator yet!
10,10 points from the poster is not enough...
10,jackpot
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.Re-release now is not tacky at all.
9,Terminator2
10,I'm sorry I didn't see you at the theater.I bought both DVD and Blu-ray titles and watched it more than 100 times
10,I think I've seen it like 10 times. The first movie I watched when I was in elementary school...
10,The content and acting are all the best!
10,It's the best
10,The best movie of my life. I haven't seen any more movies than that far.
10,Just a fun movie
10,The movie with the best ending
10,I remember when a woman jumps into my stomach with an airian in the last Airian 2. Good!
10,A really fun movie
10,Now I can draw a movie in my head
10,You can't get less than 10 points!
10,be moved to tears
10,The best
10,It's a masterpiece. It's the best ever
10,It's a waste of 100 points
9,The second part that's more advanced.
10,It's a legend. It's a masterpiece
10,Top
10,The best movie ever!
10,I can't believe people made this kind of movie. It's a genius director
10,Don't say anything. It's not a movie we can write about. It's a new movie.
10,I can't forget the best masterpiece.I miss... Why can't I see such a masterpiece these days?
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's is so cool><haha>
10,I've never seen a more interesting movie in my life
10,This is it!
10,Arnold is awesome
10,Good
10,Willbeck
10,It's a dream!
10,The greatest masterpiece that shocked the appearance of liquid metal man.
10,I think I know why humans cry.But I can't shed tears.I'm so touched!
10,Good
7,A sequel that took off the analog vibe and became more aggressive
10,a masterpiece of needless description The ending is so touching.
10,I watched it on TV yesterday and it's hard to believe that it was a movie a decade ago
10,I'm afraid I'll come out in my dream.
10,a masterpiece
10,Best movie ever. The guy who did not watch Terminator in '91.
10,It's a perfect movie that doesn't even exist in Hollywood
10,It's kind of dope
10,This work confirms why Cameron is a genius
10,Definitely the best James Cameron movie ever!
10,The background music and the future look are the best!
10,What do you need to say? Ten points are not enough.
10,Top 10 Best Movies
8,It's a classic movie that can't be compared to most recent action movies.
10,It's so much fun
9,I don't think the word "masterpiece" fits this well. Scared in the last scene
10,I remember enjoying watching cable TV.
10,TERMINATOR is so fun. Good
10,That's it for Hollywood movies.
9,This is a legend.The liquid terminator was so scary.I must say nagainst you
10,The best action movie! I hope 4 comes out soon.
10,It's fun to watch it 100 times
10,It's fun even now
10,This movie is the best It's fun and I don't get sick of it
10,The best movie ever
10,I can't believe that 386 computers made this kind of science fiction movie 17 years ago when it was rare.
10,One of the best action SF masterpieces
10,I don't think there's a better movie than this one
10,a super masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life! I think I watched it about 15 times! A movie that I want to keep until I die
10,The greatest villain of all time... T-1000
10,It's the best! It's so much fun!
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,It's a great movie
10,It's the best!
10,What are the 10 movies that will be fun to watch again and again and again and again? I want to give 100 points
10,The Force of a Masterpiece. 17 years in the dark.
10,1 is more fun. Thrilling point 1
10,Don't you need words?
10,You're the best!
10,The GPA of 5 to 10 is excused.
9,A movie that's 10 years ahead of its time... The scenario is absolutely perfect
7,It's more wonderful and better than 1.I definitely recommend you to watch it!
10,It's always fun. Arnold is the best
10,I'm not lying. I've watched it 100 times
10,It's the best in the Terminator series
10,It's the best movie
10,It's so fun.
10,It was fun because it wasn't boring.
10,I was really touched when the Terminator went down with the chain at the end.
10,The best masterpiece of my life!
10,A movie storyline that really doesn't need explanation is the best movie that doesn't have OOO in any movie
10,The Terminator series is all out of 10!
10,The best movie
10,I didn't know that the special effects of that time were so surprising.
10,It's so much fun. No.1 movie I've ever seen
10,Arnold's best film without words
10,It really brought tears to my eyes as the Terminator fell into the furnace and gave me a thumbs-up.
9,A movie that captures everything that an entertainment movie can show. It is one of the best movies.
10,It's the best!
10,A masterpiece!
10,The movie that I really enjoyed! The big movie!
10,One of the best masterpieces of my life. I don't want to get sick of it
10,It's the best in both box office and film quality
10,I felt Arnold Schwarzenegger's force.
1,I feel bored in the middle...
1,a movie that is appropriate for 9.0
10,The rule is that a movie that has been successful in the first movie fails in the second movie and becomes successful in the third movie. This is a movie that goes against it.
10,The last scene is the best
10,First place ever
10,The actors' acting skills are really outstanding. That's cool. That's the best.
10,a masterpiece without words
10,the greatest masterpiece that can't be overcome no matter how many years go by
10,This is something different in the Terminator series. It's so much fun. I like Terminator.
10,It's a masterpiece! The last scene is touching
10,The poster is overwhelming
10,It's the best. I think it's the first time I've ever felt emotional seeing a robot^^
10,Great graphics are the best.
10,Incredible film technology from '91. Best.
10,a masterpiece of long standing I know why you're crying. It's something I can't do.
10,The unforgettable Abil bag...
10,Top
10,Out of 10!
10,The best movie I've ever seen
9,What words are needed!
10,I really enjoyed watching old movies when I was young
10,It's a great movie
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's the most interesting action movie I've ever seen. Good
10,This kind of work should not be viewed as a garbage DVD Look at the Blu-ray Cap's 17 gigabytes
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece is the best!
10,Make sure you watch it before you die! Before you regret it...
10,There's no need for words! Buy a DVD and watch it!
10,The image quality is the best on DVD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,A movie that doesn't need words. be a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,It's really hard to hold back tears at the end. I think he's the best terminator.
1,How is it 9.2?
10,It's the best movie ever. I don't get tired of watching it 30 times
10,the best movie
10,Terminator 2 that you can't get enough of even after watching it 50 times
10,I think a really fun movie is one that you can't get tired of
10,I can't get enough of it. good~!
10,a great movie
10,A movie that will be shown until the human race is terminated
10,There is no need for words.
10,I'm touched even when I see it again
10,the best action movie
10,No matter how many times I look at it...
10,It's the best movie in Hollywood history.
1,It's not that
10,Good
10,There is no need for words.
10,The best action movie ever made
10,It's just the best
10,Why don't you make this kind of movie these days? It's much better than the movies that come out these days
10,an impressive film
10,Rhetoric is just a luxury.
10,One of the best movies of my life needs to be rated higher.
10,Best movie in the Terminator series. Arnold Schwarzenegger's best film.
10,I liked the second part of Terminator the most
10,That's cool.
10,Best SF Movie
10,Terminator Has Come
10,It's fun... The best...
10,This movie is a thumb.
10,A really great movie
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger is the king
10,It's a pity that it's still impossible to make a movie like this in Korea after 17 years
10,The only movie that made me feel more than I imagined!
10,It's a masterpiece beyond description.
10,It was the best sf in the early '90s
10,Good
10,It's a great movie.
10,The best movie I watched after waiting for two hours to get a ticket in 12-year-old Daegu!
10,The best movie of my life... There is no fault at all.
10,Do you need a word? Just a legend! I recommend director director's cut. It's "more" great
10,It's a lot of fun
10,You're the best. Especially when you smile
9,The main theme of Terminator is still ringing in my ears
10,It's really fun. It's the best. But the rating before watching it is 7.14
10,sponsor
1,Who made this for me?Arnold's everything
10,The movie that made me a fan of Arnold when I was 11 years old
10,I can't believe this movie was made in 1992. I think our country still can't make it
10,It would've been a big hit if we didn't get 3. I'm sorry to hear that.
10,the pinnacle of science fiction The best entertainment movie
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,Top
10,the best movie of all time
10,It's the best movie. It's not boring even if you watch it again.
10,The tension is the best.
10,Top
10,I watched more than 60 times because I did not do one of the famous SF action paintings.
10,I'm so desperate to score-- what are you doing? I log in for the first time and raise my GPA
1,It was boring
10,Two big SF movies. Terminator 2 & Matrix
10,Legendary movie...(Shaking)
10,It's just go
10,Youngwa who quenched his thirst for action...I don't think there's an action movie that's funnier than this...
10,Arnold's best film should be given 10 or 15 points
10,The best movie of my life with Shawshank Escape
10,The special effects are amazing!
10,What's the concept of those who give 1 point? What a great movie
10,Babies talking about CG with a movie 17 years ago... I have nothing to say.LOL
1,The worst movie of my life... what a waste of a point
10,I think the second movie is the best in the Terminator series
10,It's the funniest thing in the universe It's both entertaining and artistic. It's the king
10,It's so much fun.&gt-&lt My style! The main character is cool!
10,This is so much fun. &gt_&lt is my style
10,The best movie of my life...It's the best movie in 1991
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's a legend.
10,It's a movie that makes you nervous no matter how many times you watch it! It's just the best!
10,Good
10,How did you make it? That's interesting.
10,You're the best even now!
10,The long running time is not boring at all and ILM is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,There is no need for words.He's just the best!
10,The story has no loopholes and great special effects are perfect for a 10-point cycle.
10,That was the funniest one among Terminator Sirz
10,It's hard to be frustrated even now
10,It's a lot of fun.
6,Just a fun game movie
1,You're the best
10,the best movie
10,It's fun even now
10,It's the first sequel that's funnier than the first one
10,The best movie I've ever seen is still in my possession
10,Terminator 2 is more fun than 1. It's a masterpiece!
10,needless words
10,a movie of coolness
10,A wonderful film that shows both human folly and righteousness! Special effects are the best
1,Will Be Back
10,Geunyang is the best! There's no need for words!
10,The best masterpiece in the Terminator series...What more words do we need?
10,The best action movie of my life
10,What do you need to say? Will Be Back!
10,There is no need for words.The greatest hero and the greatest movie of all time!!!
10,I remember seeing you under the blanket when I was a sophomore in elementary school.lol
10,It's sad
10,I don't need words. It's a masterpiece of the century.
10,Terminator's best work is definitely 2
10,It's the best. As expected of Schwarzenegger
10,A masterpiece that went beyond the previous record!
1,I don't like it... I should look forward to 4 The CG stinks
10,I'm impressed.
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,You don't need to say anything
10,That's the best. That's all. How did he make that movie?
10,The poster is the best! I was touched by the furnace at the end
10,Is there anyone who didn't watch this?
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Two SF masterpieces with Alien.
10,The best!
10,Terminator 2 is the best movie in Hollywood It's the biggest hit in the world.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,You can call it a legend. I want to give you 12 points.
10,I can't believe the rating is 7.27. It should be 10
10,It's the best episode of Terminator series!
10,the best film of all time
10,The best movie of my life!
10,How many times did I see you again? I don't know...
10,It's the best... No words needed.
10,It was the best movie at the time~~
10,The best director of humanity brought the film technology forward by 10 years...
10,The latest production of 2008 is as good as it is The same will be true in the next 10 years
10,The first place movie
10,What more do I need to say? The legend of SF movie
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me thrilled
10,A movie that has been in shock for a while
10,It's touching. I want to see it again ^^
10,I can't get enough of it even if I keep looking at it nowI can't believe it was made in 1991.I can't speak
10,It's fun even if you keep watching it
10,Terminator 2 is amazing
10,The limitations of action ended with this one film...
10,This is the legend
10,How nice it would be if I saw it at the theater at the time - the title alone is touching.
10,It's so much fun. Arnold K. Chojjang
10,I.W.Y. bag
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,What if it's not a perfect score?
10,One of the most interesting works in Hollywood movies...
8,Only 2 of the Terminator series are accepted. a masterpiece of a science fiction film
3,Top
10,Edward Furlong played a big role in making the movie a masterpiece. How can you put it in a minor role on Naver
10,I want to say that I'm the best in SF action
10,It's so touching that it's hard to describe.the best Hollywood action film
10,The fact that this kind of movie came out before I was born... It's creepy.
10,It's one of the masterpieces that will remain in people's memories for a long time.
10,I've watched more movies
10,No words needed
10,I think 10 points are for this kind of this
10,You're always the best
10,I'm still thrilled.
10,It goes without saying that it's the best.
10,It's a masterpiece that's still touching and fun even when you watch it again!
10,It's so much fun. It's the best
10,I can't express it in words
1,The graphic is totally tacky. It's from '91
10,Scenarios and special effects that are still there.
10,I think I've seen this 10 times. Arnold Schwarzenegger's charisma remains.
10,Top
10,Terrific.
10,It's been a while since I've seen it. It's the best movie in the Terminator series
10,Why is this an 18-year-old sensual?
9,The idea contained in SF is not light.
10,The first week person doesn't have feelings or doesn't seem to understand the movie itself
1,It was worth watching when I was a kid.
10,Part 3 shouldn't have come out~~
10,All I can say is the best
10,You're the best!
1,The garbage graphicLOL
10,Let's forget about three
10,All I can say is that you're the best.
10,Asdalavista baby~
10,The LA chase scene is awesome
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,This movie should be 9.99 or higher.
10,The most perfect movie in the history of movies!
10,Wow... Is there really a sequel that succeeded this much?L
10,The movie I watched when I was young
10,The people who get 1 point don't seem to understand the movie. It's a masterpiece
10,This big movie isn't coming out. The best movie ever!
10,I wonder if there will be another movie like this in my life.The best movie of my life!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,What's the point?Definitely the best SF movie ever seen.
7,It's fun
1,Why is the score so high?
1,It's no fun
1,Is this the famous movie?
1,..I don't feel anything
10,It's the best! It's the best!
10,The lingering effects of Arnold and Robert Patrick's performance and the suspenseful production are still...
10,You're the best!
10,Arnold's pose and artistry. Two rabbits
10,What a great movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It's a hard movie to come out again
10,Man's fear of man's making and man's elimination
10,This graphic in 1992 is amazing!!! I'm so touched! The best!
9,I enjoyed it in my own way
10,It's the best movie ever
8,I remember standing in the theater when it was released
9,It's the best in the Terminator series
1,..;; ...I have nothing to say;
1,It's not that
1,Was I the only one who was bored?
1,It's not that
8,I... I cried.
1,I don't know if it's because the expectations are high
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
10,The shock that I saw in the theater on the opening day of OOO is still vivid.
10,10 points for sure
1,I'm the only one who thinks it's weird.100 1004. Is your name KYUNG JUN? - -
10,The best of the trilogy.
10,the best five
10,I'm so touched at the last one!11
10,It was the best
10,Terminator is the best!
10,There is definitely no movie more interesting than this one.
10,I have nothing to say but a really awesome movie. I'm lucky to see this movie.
1,I don't like it... It's too high
1,I don't think action suits me.;
1,A movie that doesn't hit me
10,I used to weep when Arnold was a kid when he fell into the furnace of the thumb at the end
10,It's amazing even now. Back then?
10,Arnold is the best!
10,It's a great movie even now!
10,The best of the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words!
10,This is the best.
10,Arnold is awesome
10,I don't think everyone knows the shock of this movie.
10,The best...
10,I won't hesitate to pick the best movie of my life among the movies I've seen for 30 years.
10,She's worse than Transformers LOL
10,a sad movie
10,That's the best. 2 is the most fun in the Terminator series
10,The best! The best!
10,the greatest work
1,The original was rather shocking.
10,Why did you make the third movie?
8,It's not as good as I expected
10,It was fun
1,The rating is too high.It's better than Transformers
8,Jim shows a clumsy scene - -
10,The scale is too big to be called 1991... All I can say is that it's amazing
9,It's a famous painting.
1,Too bad. It would have been better to be Choi Minsoo than Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,A really good movie that touches my heart.
10,This is really a masterpiece!
10,The movie that I watched in shock 10 years ago ^^
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,one of the few sequels to surpass the previous one
9,a well-made entertainment film
10,Good
10,It's so spectacular
10,It's a bit...
10,It was really the best! I missed you the most! It was the best!
10,What day was Terminator 2 and Matrix 1 on Saturday the 26th?
10,It's fun!
10,a wordless film
10,The only word that comes out is "good." It's really a masterpiece
10,a series of masterpieces in the first movie
10,How can you make it so well?
10,It's so much fun. . . .
10,firm
10,I didn't expect to see you on TV again. It's very interesting. a film that does not require verbal explanation
10,Top
10,Terminator is the best
10,There really can't be a movie like this in the future!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,"Occn" will be aired without permission
10,Even after 10... Even after 20 years... Terminator is a masterpiece.
10,Good
10,It's the best. This movie is the best.~~~
10,Best movie. There's no better movie.
10,Is my brain not working well?You can't compare your old and current graphics
10,It's an immortal movie
9,Wordsless Best of Best
10,It's totally good! There's no movie that's funnier than this
10,Robot from the future. Saving a boy for the future. A scene where you pierce your head with one go
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,the best movie of the '90s
9,It's fun
9,I still can't forget...
10,I can't forget it
8,a movie with a force that overshadows the years
10,It's the best.
10,It's not enough to say that 100000000000 is the best! A movie that really shines in history!000000000
10,There's nothing like that. It's the best
1,It's good
10,Why only 10 points?
10,A movie worth 10 points
10,I saw it 104 times since I was in 2nd grade
10,I became a fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger after watching this!
10,a masterpiece beyond the previous onePart 3 is less than expected.
10,The best movie that's flawless
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger. Wow!
10,Cameron's greatest trick that can't get enough of time
10,A Perfect Made Masterpiece Beyond Hollywood Well-Made
10,Cameron's best movie! A great legend...
1,It's not fun and touching
1,the worst movie of my life
10,Terminator 4 wants James Cameron to be the director
10,I really enjoyed the movie I watched the most in my life Out of 10!
10,Good
10,The movie that I watched when I was in 8th grade... But why is it an 18-year-old viewer?
10,The movie I watched twice at the theater after paying for my money.  I still remember the excitement when I first saw it
10,You're the best!
10,....It was more interesting than the first one
10,The best CG technology of the time is still fun
10,It's just the best!
10,Best in the Terminator series!
10,It's a movie that really doesn't need words
10,That's cool. I don't need words
10,The best movie of my life that I've seen 20 times only in the theater...!!
10,One of the coolest movies of my life!
10,an astonishing film after watching it
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,Action movies can also be included in masterpieces.
8,It's kind of boring right now.
10,I've never seen a movie as good as this one
10,The best movie that I can't forget until the last day! There's nothing missing!
10,It was so touching and the most interesting movie I've ever seen
10,I was so close to T-Cheon at the end
10,It was a movie that I watched when I was in elementary school. It was perfect
10,It's perfect!
9,I enjoyed watching it
8,Terminator series is all fun
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,The movie that made me know Edward Fallon and Schwarzenegger
10,an unforgettable masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece
10,It's the best no matter how many times I see it again!
10,Because it's the best
10,The best SF action piece!A strange twist that continues with Lesson 1! The Terminator!a masterpiece
10,The great actor of action movies... It's been a long time since I've been out of power.
10,It's a shame that only the third episode didn't come out
10,Is there another movie like this?
10,There's no need for words!
10,I look back on myself in the theme that resembles a human being!
10,I will never forget this movie until the day I die
10,I won't forget the liquid liver until I die.
10,a hell of a movie
10,Cool
10,I kept my promise that I would see my son again someday.Haha
10,a spotless film
10,I just feel bad for the kids who don't know this movie.
10,the greatest action movie of the 20th century
10,There is no Arnold after T2.
10,One of the best movies of good SF
9,Infinite adrenaline
10,What words do I need?
10,a masterpiece of action films needless words
10,It was more sophisticated and fresh than any other science fiction material that came out these days. The best of the best.
10,It was really fun
10,Good
10,I've never seen a movie like this in my life cool
10,the best five
10,Will there be a movie this big?
10,This is one of my favorite movies
7,Terminator at the pinnacle of action. I don't forget the grimness at the end of the end.
10,The best of action movies!
10,It's the best! Two gags in the Terminator series! The best work!
10,Anyone who doesn't give 10 points for this is a person who lacks intelligence or doesn't know how to watch a movie
10,What's wrong with him? The best movie ever!
1,a trash movie
10,The best!!! No more movies!!!
10,one of the few movies I've seen without a moment of boredom
10,The movie that I watched more than 10 times
10,Why isn't this masterpiece coming out? Let's be touched these days
10,The best movie of my life
10,I just saw it. It's so touching.
10,Good
10,This is the best movie in the world of SF.I watched it 5 times. Some people watched it more than 100 times.
10,a movie that made Terminator
10,The best special effects at the time
10,It was a legend in those days
10,I miss Arnold hyung
10,It's so horribly funny! Sci-fi movie classic!
10,2 is the best. A masterpiece
10,Immortal...!
10,YikesLOL I'm sleepy
10,The Greatest Creativity in Film History T-1000
10,I can't believe that this fancy action was made in the year I was born.
10,I'm really getting goosebumps. I'm honored to see this movie. I command you not to go Oh my god
10,I command you not to go! Edwardian boy
10,It's the best.
10,This is a movie
10,Only a few nerds can ignore the only recognized work in Hollywood
10,A movie 20 years ahead!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,CG that is comparable to movies these days. This is a masterpiece
5,Shocking technology and Arnold's OO...
10,I saw it 12 times. I'm going to see it 88 times more.
10,You're the best! Will Vweak!
10,Arnold Hyung's charisma is perfect
8,I can't get enough of it whenever I can't get enough of it
5,It's just
1,Now that I see it...
10,Governor Arnold is awesome
10,a masterpiece
10,Will Be Back...
10,It's better than a single movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie
1,It's too obvious.
10,How can I make a movie like that?
10,A masterpiece out of all masterpieces! The best movie!
10,More than I expected
10,I really really wanted to come back.I cried when I was young
10,The last scene that will remain in the history.And I'll be back
10,It's not tacky at all even now.The perfect texture and technology comparable to CG are amazing
10,Masterpiece of masterpiece Terminator. The movie that touched my heart
10,It's a movie that boldly broke the saying that any movie sequel is not fun
10,There is no need for words.
10,James Cameron had a major accident in '91
10,I watched it more than 10 times. The movie I regret not seeing in the theater when I was young!
10,A movie that you want to watch again and again!
10,Good
10,Two of the best movies of my life... Shawshank escape... And Terminator 2
10,She loved Linda Hamilton so much after watching this.
10,Why do people go crazy about Terminator?That's amazing...
10,Best Action Movie!!!
10,I will be back. It was a buzzword at the time.
10,the pinnacle of science fiction
10,It was really fun every time I watched it.Furlong is so handsome
10,No need to say the best to say
10,I need 10 points more than you
10,It's hard to describe this movie in words. I think 10 points is also less.
10,The battle between a good robot and a bad robot.It's the best screenplay I've ever seen
10,The best movie of my life... I don't need any more words.
10,It's the best. The last scene of Terminator's thumb is the unforgettable scene!
9,There's nothing to say. You're the best
10,a wordless film
10,Terminator...an immortal masterpiece
1,I am generous
10,Underdeveloped countries like South Korea cannot make such SF movies even after 100 years.
10,Good
10,Korea can never make this kind of movie. Pathetic. Cry country
10,Please make a lot of movies like this!
10,I made a mark in SF movie.
10,a movie still in one's possession
10,The Legend of Memories
10,a wordless film
10,James Cameron...let's fund it indefinitely and make it compulsory every year!
10,You're the best!
10,I'm amazed no matter how many times I see it!
10,A movie that's always fun to watch.
10,I watched it 100 times.
10,10 points!
10,I'll stop here
10,the main seat
10,A science fiction masterpiece that needs no more words
8,There were a lot of things to see... I had a good idea ~
10,It's an honor to see such a masterpiece in my life!I'm touched even after watching it dozens of times.
10,The best blockbuster movie ever!
10,Ten points is not enough!
10,You can see how bad 3 is by watching 2
10,It's like an immortal masterpiece
10,the best without words  Action. A masterpiece of a SF movie.
10,The best of the best.
10,I have a brother as big as my brother.
10,Best action movie ever. Make the first part prologue and the second part trash.
10,The word "best" is not a waste
10,The best sequel ever!
10,It's fun. It's
10,The best movie in my life
9,I like the music.The music
1,It's far
10,I enjoyed watching it more than 3
1,I saw more great movies than this one.
10,One of the few follow-ups that goes beyond the original!
10,There has never been a movie that has such a short running time.
10,It's the best
10,Good
10,I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's so much fun.Hah!
10,Top LOL
7,I can't believe that this action movie has the highest rating
9,James Cameron's entertainment shone...
10,You're the best!
9,Best effect and best action. 9 points behind the solid scenario of Shawshank's escape
10,A movie you want to give 100 points to
5,It's weird.
10,It's a pity that there aren't many movies like this at the moment.
10,It's a work of art.
10,It's a masterpiece
10,I wonder if there will be a science fiction movie like this until my death.
9,I like a faithful movie.
10,There is nothing more I need to say
10,the best action movie
10,It's the best
10,a dark imageIt's an immortal masterpiece.Makes me think about the best movie again.
10,the best movie without words
10,"Home Alone" and "Terminator"...It's the most familiar movie
10,I think I know why it's an immortal masterpiece
10,I've never seen a sequel like this
10,What more do I need to say?
10,This is the sequel that makes even the first part shine
9,This movie is nice
10,It's fun to watch it again. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's so much fun. Perfect
10,A flawless video...Story... Directing...It's worth keeping
10,The movie that promoted Arnold.It's the best.
9,Arnold's "Want You"
10,There's nothing wrong with competing with the movies now
10,SF is the best!
10,I remember the persistent bad guy.
1,I am not generous
10,The Terminator series should have ended here.
10,I admit it's the best science fiction movie ever
10,No.1.
10,I'm going to win [Laughing]
10,You're the best!
10,It's an incredible movie I made in '91.
10,I like Terminator
10,I made this in '91. This tension
10,a masterpiece of action without words
10,A lot of movies I watched when I was young...
9,A famous SF movie that broke the myth that there is no better movie than the previous one
10,SF's best masterpiece!!!
9,Childishness is the charm!
1,It's like a cartoon
10,It's not raising the ranking. It's a movie you should use when you write 10
10,You're the best. You're the best!lol
1,It's a waste for the 3rd place
10,I was thrilled at the time
10,Your life is worse
1,a poor work
10,The best moving piece of my life
10,It was the best movie ever.As good as Terminator 1.
1,Everything transforms!
10,a wordless film a masterpiece made by a famous director
1,I'm disappointed that you didn't protect the earth!
10,A movie that I want to watch every time I see it
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's the best. The movie shows that Arnold is an action actor
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Oh my...
10,the best work
10,It's the best in the Terminator series.
10,It was fun even if it was a girl.
10,No words needed
10,The shock of the movie at that time easily surpasses the shock of the current Transformers.lol
10,sensation
10,It's the best movie ever
10,This is honestly funny
1,Childish
1,It's the worst.
7,Terminator is cool.
10,CG Technology Revolution
10,One of the best movies
9,Action and touching... a film set in the early '90s
10,Strongest power
1,It's not that...
1,It's just...
1,Not really...
10,Terminator 2 admits
10,What do I need to say?
10,Twin police officers were real twin actors! (Not Graphic ^^)
10,It's timeless.an eternal masterpiece
10,a real revolution
10,Perfection
8,Two out of three was the best.
10,This movie is short of 10 points!Arnold's thumb will never be forgotten!乃
9,Will Be Back!
10,Top
10,You're the best!
10,There is no better SF movie than this one.We can't have Transformers!
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it! Season 2 was the most fun
10,Is there an action movie that can surpass this?be in doubt
10,It's the best!
10,revolution
7,Thrilling. And John Connor was memorable
10,It is the best action movie...Is this from the 90s?
10,It's so much fun!LOL I can't get enough of this bar...lol
10,Good
10,It became firm after watching the third episode how good Cameron's directing skills were.
10,A movie that can't be more surprising... It was a revolution.
10,I clapped my hands for the ultimate hero movie at the movie theater
10,Top
10,What words are needed?The best action movie of my life!
10,Top
10,That's it. The best action movie of my life
10,It's not mom's hand. Umji's hand
10,I've seen it many times in my childhood
10,a wordless film
10,The best! The best!
10,It was the best 16 years ago. You're still the best. The best after 16 years.
10,a perfect action movie
9,Well-made SF
10,Here we go! Muscle shooter!
10,See you!
10,You're the best
1,You're childish.
10,Let's not ask how many years ahead the movie is.
7,A movie that I enjoyed watching.
10,I can't believe it was 1991
10,A work that requires words is a masterpiece
10,The best movie of the time. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a movie that lacks 10 points. Jinja is perfect in those days
10,the world of fun
10,The best moving movie of my life!!!!!
7,I like this kind of science fiction.
10,It's a really interesting movie these days ^^
10,the best movie
10,action fantasy
10,I'm Terminator 2 paper
10,the best work
10,It's the best movie that's ever seen
10,Did anyone pay attention to something else while watching Terminator 2?
10,The best movie of my life!
10,You're the best. 10 points for sure
10,It's all about science fiction movies. Can you do social activities without knowing Will Beebeck?
9,Terminator 2 that doesn't need words...It's fun to watch it again.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
9,Is this a movie more than 10 years old? No way! The best SF action
9,knock on a 21st century science fiction film
9,It's not as good as the first episode.
10,More upgraded systems...Should I say the beginning of the movie that gave both action and emotion?
10,It is the best ^^ Where is this kind of movie?
1,I'm bored with this kind of story...
10,Best SF movie ever since its release.
10,I don't know what to say. The last scene is so touching
10,The best movie of my life
10,needless words
10,It's still the best
10,I watched it again because I remembered it after a long time. It is a movie that cannot be wasted on the word "masterpiece."
10,I don't know how many times I watched it Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaha I don't do it these days
10,There's no movie like this. Who got 1 point? Leave the earth!
10,It was the best movie...
10,An amazing actress is the best
10,A blockbuster masterpiece that won't be forgotten even after 16 years!!!
10,It's the best!
10,The start of a box office hit! I don't need words
10,The best! The best! The best
10,Terminator 2 There is no entertainment movie to follow
10,The movie that gives the impression that Terminator actually exists! The best! The best! The best!
10,The best action movie of my life
10,be simply the best
10,Five
10,What the hell do you need to say? I'm so young that I didn't see you in the theater.
1,I can't believe it
1,He doesn't deserve to be the top scorer.
1,Bitter.
1,I was just a little surprised because the rating was too high
10,↓ I agree with you^^
10,the best movie
10,Good Movie Nator...2
9,This movie at the time...It's really a masterpiece.
10,Great America... Pax Americana
9,Good
1,It's not fun. Sorry
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen this?Look before you regret it.
10,It's a box office hit forever.
10,I want to give 100 points
10,No more
10,The only thing that's say is the best...!
10,SF essence that doesn't need any other words
10,Is there any visual that I'm into?
10,You're always the best Watch "Kkong-ja" on Pandora
10,Good
10,Arnold's greatest masterpiece. It's so cool and fun.
10,The best movie ever. John Connor and Terminator's friendship.moving
10,A masterpiece that caused an upgrade of special effects!
9,Artistry 7 Entertainment 10 Satisfaction 10
10,Is the world going backwards? I can't believe it's been 91 years old.It's amazing
9,OK.
10,That's really great. Amazing graphic~ Even touching...!
10,Touched T.T
10,A movie that surprised existing SF movies!
9,the new horizon of science fiction
9,I remember being excited while watching it in the theater.vivid
10,There's nothing missing!
10,I watched it when I was in middle school and it was surprisingly fun.
10,The movie that everything was amazing
10,I saw him when I was in middle school.It's the best...
10,I can't get enough of it on TV.
10,You're the best
10,The best movie! There's no SF movie that can match this yet!
10,The best movie of my life
8,My heart was pounding when I was young
10,the best movie without words
9,Terminator... it was great.
1,I don't think I'm in 2nd place. I think 8 points is enough
10,I cried a lot when I saw the last scene when I was a kid.It's so fun.
10,I don't need a word for the few movies where sequels are more interesting
10,There are still few movies like this in entertainment.
10,It's a very fun movie so that it's not a waste of time
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen this yet?
10,A problematic work that has made a great contribution to making me the top regular in our local video store. L
10,the best action movie
1,Trash movie...
10,It's my first time writing a review. The main place of action that's exciting no matter how many times you watch it!
10,The few movies that were better than the first one! The best in the series!
10,One of the best films of the 20th century.
10,It was the best thing I remember as a kid.
10,Must be the best action movie of the century
10,The greatest masterpiece of Arnold's movies!!!
10,A movie that tells the meaning of completion
10,the best work
10,Scenario. 100 points from start to finish
9,Cool
10,A really cool villain.
10,I've never cried while looking at my fingers disappearing into the iron water! A true masterpiece!
9,The movie that I enjoyed watching
10,The best movie in my life that doesn't need words
10,a good movie
10,The 1991 movie. Can you believe it?
10,Good! My idol!
2,It's not fun because I know the story.I'm going to stop crying
10, be moved
10,Top
10,Whoo...
10,I don't think I'll be able to see a movie like this in Korea even after 100 years
10,No words needed
10,What do I need to say?Yes/
10,There is no need for words.LOL Just watch it
10,There is no fixed fate.
10,I cry every time I see the last scene.
10,Best of Best
10,It's truly the best!
8,The best movie. I agree
10,The best movie...
10,The best forever
10,Who gave you 9 points? 10 points for sure
10,It was made in 1991. Cameron is a genius.
10,How many years ahead of the movie?
10,Linda Hamilton's charismatic performance ^^
9,I cried in the last scene Doong doong! Doong doong doong doong doong doong!Doong
10,The first movie that made me cry
9,It was very thrilling and fun.
1,No more... no more
10,There is no movie in the world where the ending scene is more wonderful.
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most
10,I'm not going to lose no matter how many times I look at it'The ending theme is the lingering feeling.
10,The power of CG is known to the world as a movie.
10,"Do it again?" But I end up watching it again.
10,It's amazing. Really...
10,I felt the thrill of watching
10,I can't forget the last time I raised my thumb.
1,Not fun
1,The power of broadcasting became first place after the broadcast.They always do national moviesIt's so funny
9,"Term 3" is a spoiler for "First and Second episodes
1,the best movie
10,I don't need words. DAHYUN is the best
10,It's the best.
10,What more can I say?
10,It's the best!
10,It's always going to be good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,This is fun
9,Is it because it's in the weekend's masterpiece?
10,Maybe I'll never see a masterpiece like this again...
10,I dare say it's the best action movie ever
10,I saw it again because it was on MBC. It's the best.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it. It doesn't fit the science fiction genre
10,Hero? The most perfect and impressive movie!
10,It's totally fun and exciting I'll give you 10 ^-^
10,The governor's acting is definitely the best!
10,It's so much fun
10,Arnold and Ed are both handsome lol
10,Arnold's Force is...+_+
10,I still have one more chip in my house.Cuckoo!
10,I still haven't seen a movie that is better than T2
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A true masterpiece...Arnold Schwarz is a great actor!
10,It's always a masterpiece! L
10,It's beautiful. It's a masterpiece and a masterpiece.
10,The first movie that made me cry
10,You don't need to say 10 points
10,Those who scored less than 10 points didn't watch it properly!
10,I'm so touched by my father who was milking it
10,It was the best when I saw it in elementary school.Even now!
10,the best movie in my heart
10,A great movie even now.
1,This isn't it
10,It's a movie that taught me the fun of Terminator and Die Hard movies
10,a film that will remain in SF history
10,It's really touching at the end
10,It's Terminator 2 as expected. Best...
10,It's the best
10,Isn't it the best?
10,This truly wonderful movie!
10,I don't know if I need words.
10,I'm doing it this Saturday
10,There's no need for words
10,It's the best.
10,I can still feel the shudder...The best masterpiece. The best sequel
8,Just up to two masterpieces.
10,One of the few sequels that goes beyond the prequel. It's like a masterpiece.
4,a movie by some means
1,As a mission impossible pa...-
10,I cried when I watched the last scene when I was young
10,It's the best of Terminator Sirz. There is no greater masterpiece than this.
10,All the best story graphics in the Terminator series are great
1,a movie worth ten points
10,It's a masterpiece
1,I don't like it. It's not funny
10,I'm a Terminator series of jam this in gel eotttang.
10,No more explanation is required.
9,The scale was great and what made me nervous was that the movie was the best
5,an outstanding action movie I don't think it's more than that
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.
10,The best movie of Arnold's. Robots move your heart
10,It's an immortal masterpiece that delivers human and touching moments
10,The best... wordless movie
1,Arnold Schwarzenegger. I don't like him
10,Swag
2,This is not good
10,A movie that has fun and inspiration to make a mark in an SF movie.
10,After watching the movie at that movie...There was a lot of aftermath.
9,the highest peak of the Terminator
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I'll Be Back. The famous line that I still can't forget.
7,I don't think it's 10 points.
10,I can't believe I made this kind of movie in 1991.It's awesome ^^b
10,It's the best
10,I'm about to cry at the end.
10,A work that couldn't calm the excitement of watching the movie
1,The rating is too high.
10,the best sequel to the first one
10,A movie that produced a new pattern of SF movies. It's the best.
10,It's the best...
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,It is a masterpiece of all time
10,The general trend is T-1000.
10,As long as it's fun
10,A new and interesting SF movie every time I watch it
10,It's still the best action movie
10,Top
10,The best SF action
10,The best action movie...
7,It was fun
8,A movie that opened up another imagination in my childhood
10,This is the best!
10,It's the best.
10,I saw you when I was in 5th gradeThe best movie and legend!
10,This is more than a movie. It's a legend.
10,Ah... I hope this kind of movie comes out again.I'm falling for it.
10,This is not a movie It's the best
9,Until the day I become a judge in the future
9,OK.
9,I don't think I'll see any more action in the rest of my life.
8,One of the movies that I really enjoyed watching...
9,It's amazing that this movie was made in 1991.It's funny how you stick the foil on
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,Well done. Make sure to check out the Terminator UE extension.
10,I've never seen a movie greater than this.
10,The representative sf action movie of the 20th century
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,There is a drama in SF movie too
10,The greatest tension!
10,SF's greatest masterpiece...
10,a masterpiece of a few films that surpasses the sequel
10,I can't forget...I need to finish writing in the second part.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Perfect movie. Charisma of James Cameron
10,It's a movie that will make even the conscience of those who purposely lower the score
10,Shouldn't this be the top overall?
10,Terminator is the best...
1,Arnold is ahead of time
10,It's so funny
9,It's more fun than 3.
10,You're the best!
8,It's a bit childish
1,a poor work
10,There is no more science fiction
10,I always missed that machine gun.
1,There are a lot of elementary school students here
10,Best action movie ever. I need to see the original.
10,You're the best!
10,It's really fun. The last one is touching
10,Will this kind of movie come out again?
10,The liquid liver was impressive
10,Best movie of my life ^^
5,Not bed
10,One of the best movies! It's not awkward even if it's in the top five
10,It's the best. +_+
10,The best movie in the story
1,It's a pretty good movie.
9,It is not worth discussing the quality of work that excludes fun is excluded. It's a masterpiece!
10,What a great film for a movie made in the 90s!
1,I have to adjust it as if it wasn't until September 25.
10,I heard that the third episode was more fun
10,The best! It reminds us of the fear of war and the importance of peace
10,Who came 12 years after "I Will Be Back"?
10,Jam
10,An exemplary movie that completely breaks the story of a sequel being ruined.
8,I don't care if it's a piece of art.I think the real masterpiece is part one.
10,I wonder if there's a better movie than this...A movie you want to watch again!
10,The best action movie that doesn't need words...
10,It was fun and it's a good movie for a sequel I've seen
10,The three guys down there are weird -_-;;
10,Very impressive movie ^^
10,1991 Attention This is a masterpiece
10,Perfect. Except for Ddanji TV. lol
10,This is history. They're not even human
10,It is fun to watch the top 5 movies of my life again
10,It was sad to see the human Terminator disappearing
1,It's not funny
10,It's probably the best for fun!Technology beyond the ages!
10,a masterpiece that will remain in human history forever
10,No words needed... the best movie of the 20th century...
8,a trick of action
9,a wall that Arnold cannot cross
10,Action story ideas and Lee Hong Ryul
10,It was so much fun...The best movie of my life...
9,It's worse than the first episode. It's not good to add more action
8,a sequel that is better than the first one
10,For collection.good
10,Perfect from the beginning to the end.a movie that can only be seen in theaters
9,The best movie among SF movies
10,I don't know when...But that day will come
10,I'm B-be-
9,a masterpiece of a science fiction film
10,Speechless ^^
9,It was the first sequel that was funnier than the previous one.
10,A movie that makes you sweat every time you watch it!
10,a heroic film
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's fun. I think I watched it 40 times
10,I can't forget the atmosphere of the town's crappy theater at the age of 15.
3,A movie that will satisfy you in the top 50. It must be a good movie.
10,The best masterpiece in my memory!
10,the best movie of my life
10,The movie that I watched more than 100 times because it was so fun!
10,It's a real SF movie. Who said it's boring?
10,It's a great movie that makes you want to watch it again and again!
10,The eternal glory of SF movies
10,What's wrong with you?
1,I love life.lol
5,I don't know... I think it's about 8.5 points
10,I don't like the quality of the work.
7,The rating is higher than I thought
10,A $100 million masterpiece project that produced countless scenes and lines.
8,There is no better SF movie than this.
9,10 points for box office performance. 8 points for acting
8,It's hard to get more than 4 stars for SF movies.a good movie
9,There are two James Cameron movies in the top 10. The genius director is the best!
10,You never let me down
10,It's so much fun
10,It's a masterpiece
1,9.1 points is appropriate
1,Curses to Termination Pa
10,Shawshank is out of top 30 lol
9,a film without explanation
10,The best SF action movie!
1,I can't click as I want. I was going to give you 10 points.
1,It's not my cup of tea.
10,Oh? This is an 18-year-old movie.
8,It's really fun
10,My favorite movie...
1,He's playing with the ground. What place is this? Digica Corporation
10,[7 points] If I can beat the couch...
10,Shoppas... The day of judgment has come!
10,Judge for Shoppa!
9,Arnold's best work
10,perfect.
10,The movie that I thought was perfect
8,It was fun just looking at the memory. I remember watching it sweating because it was so hot
10,the best movie
10,The best CG and incredible tension of the day...
10,It's fun ^^ I can't believe this kind of movie came out in 1991.
10,I can't believe Arnold became governor of California.-_-;;
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,Top
10,a masterpiece immortalized
10,The best movie of the year (I was in 10th grade ^^)
10,sponsor
10,Terminator? I just like it. I like it no matter what
10,a bible in science fiction action What should I watch if I don't watch this?
7,I don't think it's the best...
10,The best movie of my life
1,I don't like this movie...
10,That's the best. That's all.
10,This is it
10,Do I need words?
10,a masterpiece that will remain in the history of film
10,an illusion of body shape
7,It was a sensational and shocking SF movie
10,Arnold and Linda...The name alone makes my heart pound. Touching...
8,The villain of the previous work is the guardian deity.
10,It's gloomy and hopeful
10,Director James Cameron...I heard you're Choi Young Joong of Terminator 4.Lean on me
10,It's the best movie that's fun to watch.
10,What conceptless elementary school kids get 1 point!
10,We were more crazy about special effects than about content or actors.
10,A perfect score is not enough.The best...
10,I have a DVD at home
10,You're the best!
10,This movie bought a DVD
10,It's so much fun
10,It's a lot more fun than Terminator 3
10,What are the people who don't give this out of 10?
10,There's no need for words
10,I can hardly watch any more interesting movies
10,This is fun.
10,It's the best
10,Good
10,The best movie of my life...It's a waste of 10 points
9,A movie that will remain a masterpiece of SF Action forever
10,Why do you keep erasing it when I keep erasing it?
10,The best.
8,It's rare for a sequel to be all right
1,Amadeus is the best! It's more fun than Terminator [Laughing out loud]
1,Was this a movie?
1,Do you want to die or live & be friends with Emergency Action No. 19
10,Both the first and second episodes are fun
10,The best SF!
10,More fun than the sequel. It's the best!
10,Good.
10,It's fun to watch a movie that's 10 points short again
10,The action movie made me cry like this.
10,It was the best
10,It was more fun than 3 B at the end is Mr. Yeok.
9,A movie that I watched at a young age with anxiety.
8,I enjoyed watching it~~
10,the best movie
10,sf masterpiece
10,There's really no need for words!the best movie
10,This is still tense. The friendship between robots and humans is also touching
10,a film that made the governor
10,I laughed a lot when I saw that this was ranked 8th in Naver's
10,Arnold... this guy...
10,2 is the most interesting;
10,Abilbee bag from my childhood memories!
10,The story and the tension that overshadows the 90s movie
10,I don't know what the person who gives one point really means.
10,Isn't it a movie that doesn't need words!
10,The greatest action movie of all time that surpasses Durac!
10,Funny!
10,The End of 20th Century Action
10,It was fun.
10,I don't understand why this movie didn't get a perfect score of 10...
10,The unforgettable 91 years of action romance...
10,I cried when I saw T-101.용(When you fall into the furnace)
10,It's the most solid masterpiece in the Terminator series
10,It's the best. No words needed
10,I really recommend it! I really recommend it!
10,one of the few movies in which a sequel hits the main film
10,No need to explain. The best movie
10,I'm so touched when I fall into the furnace
10,I want to say it's the best.
10,a masterpiece of the early 1990s
10,Good
10,1991 - A masterpiece that changed the history of world cinema
9,Action. Totally good.It's touching and the content is refreshing.Very good
10,Fun!
10,The best SF action movie!Even a song by Gunzen Logis!It's the best!
10,The power that established itself as a classic in the SF action movie industry!
10,My favorite movie. An exciting setting.
10,James Cameron is a man who knows exactly what works
10,the signature film of a few subsequent films that surpasses the prequel
10,It's an amazing movie that's made these days!
7,It's not fresh.
10,We're not doing "i will back" at the end of Terminator 2Don't be mistaken
10,Wow! Is it a movie from 15 years ago?
10,I think I made a mark in the history of movies
10,Who's the one who got 1 point?
5,Old movies these days!
6,somehow
9,Good!
10,Where is this movie to blame?
10,It's a movie that made me regret that I haven't seen it in theaters until now
10,He's good at giving me 10 points. Ten points are not a waste of this movie.
8,It's fun... It's fun... It's fun!
7,It doesn't make sense if you leave this out. I recommend 10. But my GPA is 7
10,A movie that definitely marked a milestone in the action movie industry!
10,the best science fiction filmArnold's amazing performance!
7,It's just that the scale is the best...
10,Good
10,The most impressive Terminator series...
10,It's the best
10,It's funny every time I see it
10,It was fun
10,I was very shocked at the time...
10,SF's main position ahead of its time... If I didn't get three...
10,Action and touching moments that will be remembered no matter how many times
10,I can't believe I made this kind of movie.
10,the greatest masterpiece of an sf movie
10,It's really fun. You don't have to say anything
10,needless words
10,The more I see it.
10,Arnold was born for this movie.
10,the height of one's imagination
8,I don't know if it's because 1 makes me more nervousness.
10,I don't think it'll end even if I watch it for the rest of my life
1,When is Judgment Day?
10,James Cameron's "you are king of world"
10,You must have seen it 10 times. But why am I nervous every time I see it?
1,Arnold's acting is really...
1,I'm sick and tired of it'
9,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it
10,Let's make a movie like this
9,What is SF? It's been 15 years...
10,I'm really nervous
10,The textbook of science fiction movies!
9,The movie that I watched when I was young!by video
10,Discussing science fiction about this movie is not about science fiction.
2, well
10,It became a movie that will go down in history.
10,How can you make it so fun?
10,The best action movie ever! The world's top 10 masterpieces
10,the best action movie
10,It was so much fun
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen. Even though I was a kid.
10,It's the best movie ever made at that time
10,This made me a big fan of Arnold.
10,What a movie!
10,You're the best!
10,It's fun
10,It's so much fun!
10,Best Hollywood Action Movie
10,It was fun to watch it again+_+
10,It's rare to see a movie like this
9,a film that has rarely surpassed the first film
9,Two of this movie series is the best. What a masterpiece!
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,A great movie. I'll remember it forever
10,Is this really a movie made in the past?
10,The person below: I don't think it's a one-point movie
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's a masterpiece I saw in elementary school...
10,The Matrix is explained by the father movie of the techno epic.
10,a timeless masterpiece without words I think I've seen it ten times.
10,I want to erase my memory.I want to see this movie again.
10,It's been a while since I've seen it again...It's so touching.A movie with a perfect score.
10,A movie that doesn't need to be said.
10,There's no movie of this level in Korea.
10,A movie that you never get tired of... Good...
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of after watching it more than 10 times. Strongest power
10,Top
10,have a bad taste
10,It's definitely the best in the Terminator series
10,The movie that I watched through the holes in the video once memorized the lines;
10,a perfect film with cinematic quality and commercial quality
10,It was really fun. Arnold's action scene is the best
10,Action 스토리 Story 감독 Actor 점이 Director 10 10 points is a waste.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,This is 10 points! Definitely! Full of stories and actions!
10,The ones who didn't give me 10 points don't have eyes to watch movies?
10,a devastating film
1,Don't lower the score for the movie.
10,Top
10,a movie that I watched with a lot of excitement
10,Don't make me laugh^^
10,It's the best.
10,I didn't want to give it to you.
10,It was really fun.
10,Best movie ever ^_^b
10,It's the first movie I watched alone in the theater. It's the best
9,It's one of the few movies that surpasses the first one.
10,I think this movie is the best when I take the example of the second movie that goes over the first movie.
10,It's the best movie
10,a film that led Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,I really don't know how many times I watched it!
10,He's a legend in the movie world. I still can't forget the day I watched this movie.
10,The movie that shocked me a lot when I was in elementary school
1,Look forward to it
10,He's so famous. LOL It was cool back then
10,It's fun...
10,I don't even remember how many times I watched it.
10,This is the funniest. The coolness at the end.
10,The movie I watched recently
10,An unforgettable movie with the last scene
9,A masterpiece of the times!
1,a special name;;;
10,It's not tacky at all
10,This movie isn't childish even now. It's the best movie
10,Why is the rating so low? Do the people with low ratings are low?L
10,It's never just an action movie. Human dignity.
10,I cried watching a movie-_- Childhood memories...
9,Best in the Terminator series
10,The best movie of my life!
10,It's fun.
10,Top
7,It's a lot lower than 1. I was disappointed when I saw it.
10,Something huge that can never be dismissed as an action movie
10,Best action ever
10,Top
10,Twenty-eight of the best movies of the 20th century ^^
10,I watch this movie every day and dream that I'm being chased
10,You're the best who doesn't need words.~
10,The best...
10,I'm still touched
10,It was the best at the time.Still the best ^^
10,the most memorable masterpiece
10,I haven't seen more than this yet
10,The first episode of the movie was so touching... I cried for the first time when I came out
10,I can still feel the shock of my childhood
10,Because these guys who got a point for this movie don't like it at all.extramarital affairs
9,The most interesting action movie
10,There aren't many movies like this where the sequel is more successful than the previous one
2,It's not touching. The impressions of B-rated movies were minimal.
10,It's not just an action movie!
10,Brother
10,One of the best movies of my life. Very good
10,All of my childhood movies
10,A movie with this background will be a classic that will remain in the future.
10,Is there a long way to go that you don'
10,The shock at that time...Top
9,I can't take my eyes off you for a second.There's a lot of tension in there's a lot of tension.the greatest masterpiece
10,Best movie ever...
10,perfect.
10,Arnold!
10,It's more fun than the first episode! the best
10,The second movie that surpasses the first one
10,Oh...
10,Perfect!!!!!! I can't give you another 10 points because of this movie!
10,a legend in action
10,I watched it 20 times. It's so fun!
10,forever and eternal
10,It's sadder than the drama
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen.
1,--;; It's not touching
10,the highest quality
10,There is no need for words. You can feel it when you see it.
10,The best movie that was hard to imagine
10,the best movie
10,The most memorable movie with fun
1,Comic movies + sexy
10,It's the best!!!
10,A must-see movie in your one and only life!
10,91 years? That doesn't make sense
10,Top
10,I love it
10,sf's greatest work
10,Cameron's incredible SF masterpiece. Can I say it's beyond the times?
10,It was fun
10,It's still the best.-;
10,Best existing SF movie with Alien!
10,One of the best SFs!
10,The best science fiction movie of my life
10,sf.One of the few tricks in action..."
8,This is fun
10,This is the power of Hollywood!!!
10,The best movie of my life
1,It's not that...
10,The best masterpiece of my life!
9,I can see our future clearly.
9,It's the best action movie ever
10,The best!
10,It's the best. I don't need to say
10,The best old movie ever
10,Terminator 2 The movie with my childhood!
10,The first terminator I saw
10,You idiot who said this wasn't funny
10,The first and last movie I watched sitting on the stairs.
10,It was quite a shock when I watched it on DVD when I was young. GooD!
10,You're the one who made me fall into the sea of movies. The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,It's the best that you can't get tired of watching it dozens of times!
9,The Legend of SF
10,Perfection itself
10,I won't forget it.
10,I really don't need to say anything!!!the best movie
10,an action masterpiece that will remain in the film's history
10,The word "best" should be added to this movie. a movie seen more than five times
10,It's not a waste of a perfect score
10,I hope it was fun.
10,A movie that turned the Terminator series into a masterpiece
10,Thrill is the best
10,Top
10,I don't need words
10,It's a movie that's really fun and shows all the acting
10,A masterpiece for keeping!
10,It's the greatest science fiction masterpiece of the time that can't be described in words
9,The best movie of all time.
10,The greatest masterpiece of all time.
10,the best movie
10,Edward Furlong is the best
10,Edward Furlong is the best!
10,I don't think there will be any more sf any more
10,The best movie for me
9,The classic of science fiction...The last scene was so cool
10,It's the best movie of the day!!!
10,It was crazy fun.
10,The Legend of Action Movies!
10,a movie that casts doubt on the times when it was made
10,I think I've seen it about 20 times
6,I remember watching it in a fun way.
1,Nothing more than a hit entertainment movie
10,a farce beyond the previously
10,I think it was the best graphic at the time
10,Over 30 is my ageThe best movie I've seen so many times.I watched it dozens of times
10,Top
10,This movie is still the best.
10,People are divided into two categories Those who watched this movie and those who didn't
10,James Cameron is the best
10,It's so much fun.It's worth getting first place...
10,It's a movie with unique suction power that you can't get tired of
10,The story is so fun. The best movie
10,I think it's going to be the best movie of my life.
10,You're the best.
1,I think the first one is better
5,It's not as good as the first one
10,The best movie that doesn't need words...
10,I watched it 60 times. What more do I need to say?
10,A movie that made my heart beat when I was young.
10,an outstanding imagination and expression that does not tarnish one's previous work
10,a very interesting movie
10,I think it's well expressed as a warning of what might become a reality.
10,be short of ten points One of the best movies of my life!
10,How I came to like movies.Don't lie. I've seen you more than 100 times!The best!
10,.... I really feel like I don't need words
1,L
7,Hm!!!
10,I can't believe I'm the one who shouted "I don't like it" when I said "Terminator".
1,It's not that...
10,I'm nervous. Nice movie.
10,It was fun
10,A movie that no director or actor can follow even if they remake it again
10,A movie that's always fun to watch.
1,a bad boy of this age with a low rating
10,Good
10,What more do I need to say? The best action movie
10,a book error
10,the best movie
10,Top
10,Action's Xingha
10,A movie that made me a fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
10,This is the best...A movie that's ahead of its time...!!
10,James is a genius.
10,The Best Classic
7,Arnold = Terminator officially established.
10,Always the best action! There is no better movie than this one!!
10,The Rock and the Legend of a Bifurcated Action Movie
7,The best action. The reflection that reminds me of Arnold when I think of Terminator.
10,It was a huge shock when I first saw it.
9,Cameron! He's been making movies so interesting
9,The Legend of Action 2
10,It was perfect! And it was scary
10,James Cameron who made this movie is amazing
10,I don't get tired of watching it~~
10,An exciting movie that I've been waiting for. A movie that I've been waiting for
10,B-rated action masterpiece. Best movie ever
9,Action and story...Interesting
10,A brother who is better than you
10,I never get tired of it. I have to keep watching it
10,It's a movie that looks like it's going to be a hit even if it's released now
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,This is called a masterpiece Hahaha
10,Top
10,Should I say that it's Airian 2?
10,It's the best!
10,I need words
1,It's just...
10,a masterpiece by a genius director
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece... This is an action movie.
10,Best best best ^^* Liquid Terminator is super strong...lol
10,Top
10,The best movie I've ever seen is nothing more interesting than this
10,I broke the word that the sequel will fail.
10,It's fun. This movie makes me think that robots feel emotions.
10,It's a great movie that's still out there
10,It was fun; it was the most fun of the Terminals series
10,By far the best of the Terminator series!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It's a really well-It's so touching.Action...
10,The movie that I kept watching like crazy!
9,It's fun
10,Let's finish in the second part; I hope we don't make the fourth part
10,The greatest work of my life
10,-_-; This is 18-year-old drinking milk -- through the throat
10,Don't talk about Terminator who doesn't own a Terminator DVD
10,I don't think there's a masterpiece like unforgettable action and touching
10,The only SF movie that made me cry after watching it
10,I think it's the best movie in S.F. movie history along with Alien 2.
10,Towards 99.9 points
10,It's 100 points.
10,It's the best.
10,I don't need words
10,What do you need to say? You all know it's the best!!!
1,LOL Lowering the GPA
10,There is no more action than
10,Action Movie Legend T2
10,Kim Kyung-ho - Judgment Day --;
10,Terminator 2? What more do you need?
10,I can't forget
10,The best movie ever shown by the technology of the time.
10,Good
10,It's so much fun! LOL I love it's so good
10,I want to give 100000000 points. Increase the scoreboard!
10,I'll be a bag...^^
10,It's really the best movie.
10,It's so much fun even when we see each other during Chuseok
10,A movie I've seen over 20 times. The best action ever
10,This is the best movie of my life! Make sure to watch the first episode first.
10,I watch it again whenever I think of it. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that's insanely interesting to drive me crazy.addiction
9,Especially the last scene in the bunker
9,The last scene and a great story
10,The movie that I watched twice in a row standing in that crowded theater...
8,a well-made film
10,A perfect score for anyone can tell
10,Have you seen a more moving action movie?
10,What more words do I need? 20 stars is not a waste!
10,T2 was one of the most amazing movies I've ever seen
10,It's so much fun that it's a real movie
10,This is the movie
10,Don't tell me there's someone who hasn't felt the charm of this movie?
10,What more words are needed!
10,It's art.
10,Terminator 2 is the greatest work of my life!
10,The best!
10,It's the best! It's no joke as if you've seen it at least 100 times
1,It's not fun
10,It's also on DVD.There is no need for words.It's the best.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,It's a really cool movie
10,I think I've seen it like 10 more times Nold is the best!
10,One of the only two movies that made my heart pound before watching the movie.
10,It was beyond imagination fun.
10,The last scene... Impressive
10,I think 2 is much more interesting than 3.
10,the best
10,I watch this movie every time.Because it's the best
10,No better movie could come out
8,The charms of actors hidden in fancy graphics?
10,This is the action
10,I watched it in the theater when I was in 2nd grade. It was no joke.
10,Three productions are a minus factor for the film. That's how interesting it is.
10,I still remember the emotions I felt at the theater
10,Arnold... you're dead after this movie
10,50% more fun than the first movie. The best movie I've ever seen!
10,You're the best
10,It's a bit worse than the first episode Second part is the best!
8,82% of men...
10,The best movie of my life.Maybe it's hard to watch a movie like this again
10,Best in the Terminator series!
10,Regardless of whether you make it well or not... This kind of masterpiece can't come out anymore.
10,A wonderful follow-up to the fame of the previous film.
10,A great movie that made me cry when I was young!
10,Best work of my life--b
10,the best film with both criticism and box office hits
10,A movie that makes you think deeply about the future of the Earth! Good!!!
9,The story and CG effects are still the same.
10,The SF effect was perfect and the story was great.
10,Top
10,I have nothing to say!
10,It's the best.
10,The last thumb in the furnace
10,It's supposed to end here. 3 is the worst. 2 is a masterpiece!
10,Keep your eyes peeled for 140 minutes.How did you make this movie?
10,The value of a masterpiece does not fade over time.
10,There has never been such an interesting sequel.
10,I don't know what to say. Who hasn't seen this?
10,Except for the best...
10,It was really touching and fun
10,The best movie of my life is perfect.
10,Best in the series
9,the triumph of computer graphics
10,This is a myth. This kind of movie never comes out
10,Perfect... It's a perfect movie.
10,The best of the best
9,What do I need to say...
10,Is there a movie that makes a sequel like this?
10,Can you express it in words? It's a twenty-point movie
10,Touch that makes a man cry and the judge is the best! This movie bread
10,Judgement Day is the best in the Terminator series.
9,Arnold's overwhelming charisma...
10,an action film textbook
9,It's fun
6,It's the best in the series
10,Will Be Bag~ (Singing "Bbbbbbbb" in Korean)
10,A sensational sequel and masterpiece of thrill and shock.
10,This movie is such a masterpiece!!!
10,A movie that I really enjoyed when I was young
10,ISBACK! So cool!
1,I don't like it
10,There's no need for words. You're the best
10,Everyone... I can't believe you're trying to score a masterpiece like this.
10,I liked Edward Furlong!What's the special effect?You're the best!
10,A movie that makes you think of a movie that's fun even if you watch it constantly...
10,It's a movie that doesn't bother you to log in!
10,The Best Movie of the 20th Century!  A movie that lacks even 10 stars!
10,The only thing I saw 14 years ago was that I had a lot of fun.
10,Crazy best is a waste of words. We need more ideal words.
10,The best in the Terminator series!
10,There's no such emotion in the best SF action yet
10,It's fun in every way
10,a near-perfect science fiction masterpiece
10,Good
10,Goods oysters@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
9,The movie I want to watch again is number one ^^
10,It's an immortal masterpiece that I dare to give 50 points
10,Watching the War of the Universe makes me think again about the excellence of this movie
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen it yet?
10,the best film of the 20th century in name and reality What will happen in the 21st century?
10,I still remember the last ending scene as touching.
10,I don't need words. The best movie for generations
10,The movie that made Arnold Schwarzenegger...
10,It's a real entertainment movie
10,It is the best movie ever made in our country
10,An Immortal Masterpiece Beyond the Century! I hope it's re-released in an unwritten version.
10,It's the best!
10,You're the best!
10,It's a movie that's perfect for both theme and action casting music
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's a masterpiece of all masterpieces...
10,No words needed
10,I made a mark on a big movie that needed no more words.
10,The best movie of my life. It's the last touching movie.
10,It's a movie that still has a great impact. It's the same as Jurassic Park
10,That's like director James Cameroon
10,How do I put this creepy sixth sense into writing?
8,A sequel that's better than the original. Here it is! The best!
10,What's with the guy who gave me a point? I can't get enough of it after watching it more than 10 times.
10,A movie that really doesn't need words!
10,It's really fun. SF movies are number one!
10,a charismatic film
10,I can't help but give you 10 points
8,Number one action movie.
10,This is not a movie! It's art!
10,Linda Hamilton as Monshay
8,the sorrow of a sequel that is beyond the previous series
10,I will never forget the last scene.
10,a film that marks a milestone in action movies
10,Awesome. Biggest action movie ever.
8,Sarah Connor... Linda Hamilton's muscles and the last lingering...
9,The peak of SF... Action and emotion in one place.
10,It's much better than what's coming out these days.
10,It's always fun to watch;
10,The best movie with both box office and cinematic quality
10,RBW Back
10,Never watch a video shop. Download the complete version. That's real
10,T2 is the highest peak of the T-Series that surpasses T1.
10,What's with the trash that gives you a point? It's still number one right now
10,The best action...
9,It's still fun when I was in elementary school.
9,The fact that this movie was released in 1991 alone amazes us
10,The unforgettable last scene...
10,You're the best
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,There's no needless words!
10,Fun? You don't need to talk.
10,It's the best of all science fiction movies
10,It's the best movie...How can I express it?
10,Three trashy episodes ruined this whole series -_-;;
10,I can't compare it with 2003...
8,It's a good movie for a blockbuster
10,I miss you again
8,The image of T-1000 running while being shot!
1,--  I think it's kind of destructive
10,This movie is the best SF movie
10,A movie that expresses the possibility of the future
10,the best film that still stands up to now
10,An amazing movie that broke the saying that the sequel is not as good as the previous one. Always Goooood!
10,Terminator is cute
10,It's the best out of 123
10,It was really fun!.
10,Terminator 2 is a masterpiece
10,#1 in DVD possession value
10,Masterpiece is Dawn...
9,A good movie!
10,The best of SF movies. Was I the only one who cried in the last scene?
10,Already participating
10,You're the best!
10,CG Pressure
10,Don't show me the ones who gave me a star
10,You don't really like it. It's really the best!
1,It's not that...
1,not much
1,What are you talking about when you watch a movie?
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,It's fun
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
9,Fancy action. Not a light story
10,To be honest... Those who give less than 7 points are those who don't know how to watch movies!
10,A film with a great story (past and future
10,A movie that is not believed to be 10 years old
10,It's really good
10,The best movie! an eternal masterpiece
10,The best movie! Fun? Thrilling? Touching? Artistry? It's all in here.
10,It's an eternal masterpiece
1,Well...
10,A movie that can be praised as a masterpiece
10,What more words are needed. The first movie I've seen twice in the theater. Asdala Vista.
10,It's coming back.
10,The movie that ranks third in my heart ^^
10,Top
10,Good
10,What do you have to say?
10,an invitational work
10,a film that can't be said to have been made by humans
10,The best masterpiece! This is the true touch.
10,A movie that remains a legend and will never be forgotten even after centuries
10,the best movie
10,There is no movie like this.It's not gonna happen in the future.Forever!
10,There's no need for words... just watch without words
10,I think it's so well made that it doesn't seem like it was made in 1991
10,I think it's going to be fun
10,It's the best!!! Terminator 2 is the funniest in the Terminator series.You're the best!
10,It is a movie that lacks even five stars. The best movie of my life. The Last God's Touch.
10,The horoscope is Anaka Eunyeonghwa
10,What a funny Terminator ^.^
10,I can't make it any better than this!
10,This is the best.
10,Action no matter how many times I see it
10,It's fun even if you watch it again!
10,15 years old on TV and 18 years old here.Was it deleted on TV?
10,It's so much fun
10,I wish Terminator 3 didn't come out.
10,Bravo Bravo Bravo Good Good. Amazing movie
10,His thumb... How can I forget!
10,A movie I've seen dozens of times that doesn't need words
10,There is a shortage of 10 stars. It's a trick.
1,I'm doing it. Wait
10,In a word... Good
10,Terminator fans will do this in Saturday's masterpiece LOL
10,The best in the Terminator series!
10,Yay!!! Terminator 2 is on. I have to watch it. It's so thrilling every time I watch it.
10,I don't need anything more to say. The best SF action
10,play a good game
10,the best five
9,The perfect counter punch from a 90s science fiction movie
10,The movie that I really enjoyed watching!!!
10,It's the best...
10,The last time I saw you at the movie theater!
10,the pinnacle of entertainment films
10,3 stars out of 10 is the best movie of my life.
10,I wonder what happened to Saekhee's brain
1,I wish 2 was the end.
10,The most touching moment of my life.
10,It's a lot more fun than the previous one. There are a lot of lines from Arnold. There were a lot of funny parts.L
10,Before the Matrix... It was the best future movie ever!
1,That's weird
10,It's the most valuable movie ever
10,The pride of SF movies
10,the best movie without words
10,Smashing movie. All good
10,There's never a movie like Terminator in Hollywood
10,..the best action movie ever!
10,James Cameron is a genius...
10,I still remember the scenes from the movie I watched
10,I can't believe it's 91SF!
10,Much better than the previous movie! The best SF action that combines both touching and action!
10,a masterpiece with no scenes to waste
10,The best action that's in line with <Matrix>!
10,The best movie I've ever seen
7,It's money. The movie that money made...
10,The Best SF Masterpiece
10,It's a perfect score
10,It's weird not to give 10 points
7,I think 5 points would be enough.
10,It's really the best...
10,Is there a word to express this movie?
10,It was the best...
10,the best movie of my life
10,I look forward to the re-release. It's so much fun no matter how many times I watch it!
10,It's the best ^^
10,One thing that I regret about this movie is that I watched it too late.
10,There's no need for words.
10,Even though everyone has different eyes when they watch movies.T2 is all in!^^
10,Part two is the end of the Terminator
10,I've seen this movie dozens of times.
10,Fun the whole time!
9,It's a masterpiece.
10,SF's masterpiece that will never be forgotten...
10,Take a look at the DVD director's version!! It's the best!
10,an elaborate story that leaves Arnold's muscles unnoticed
10,I wonder if there's a movie that's the equivalent of Terminator 2.
10,James Cameron is the best!
10,I'm not going to do it this Chuseok.^^;;
10,The sequel could be better. That's what happened in that's what happened.
10,I cried while watching it at the theater...
10,A movie that changes fate!
10,I'm surprised this is a movie from 13 years ago
10,I don't know when this movie will be outstanding.-.-;;
10,You're amazing and the best!
10,A true champion!
10,There is still nothing better than this movie.
10,I think there will be no better movie in my life than this.
10,It's the best.
1,Garbage American Heroism
10,No one knows why it's James Cameron.
10,I'm short of 10 stars... Terminator is still alive. HE BACK
10,Five stars. Ten is not enough
10,Best... No need to say more...My mouth hurts
10,You have to give me at least 10 points.The best movie I've ever seen!
10,the best of the few films of this time outpacing the best prequel
10,The best movie left...
9,I got 9 points
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,A movie that is more than 10 years ahead.It's the best.
10,It's not a '91 movie
10,I can't say "I enjoyed it". It's not a movie that I watch for fun
10,I thought the average score would be 10 days.Haha
10,The one who doesn't say the best is Dora
10,It's the best movie. I'm sure everyone hasn't seen it.
10,The best graphic at the time... The action story that's better than the first movie is a must-see movie
10,This is a real action movie. a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,The t-shirt is really scary.It's much more fun than 1
10,It's just fun
10,The best SF masterpiece of my life! These are 20 stars
10,The movie that I really enjoyed when I was young is why they don't do it these days
10,Top
10,It's hard to say that I'm worse than the first episode.
10,It's a movie that you can't get tired of watching
10,Everything's a great movie
10,The best science fiction movie ever! I really recommend it. I strongly recommend it
10,It's a waste to watch a movie alone.You are the best interests
10,It's a necessary business.the best movie
10,The only thing I can say is that it's fun! Shocking when I first saw it!
10,Will I ever see such a fun movie again in my life?
10,Action and moving waves!
10,The third movie reminded me of James Cameron.
10,This movie is really a philosophy!!!
9,Why did we get T3? Poor quality of your previous work! T2. You're still the best!
10,It would have been crazy if that went out in the theater 3 is not good. 1 is not good. 2 is the best
10,Choice precedes fate.
10,I've seen 10 videos so far. I don't get tired of it...
10,I saw it five times in the theater.My butt is stiff.
10,It's so funny
10,The best movie of my life.
10,I don't need any more words.
10,The best! Is there anyone who hasn't seen this movie?
10,Anyone who says "The Matrix" is funnier than "Terminal" doesn't watch it properly
9,one of the few movies whose sequel beats the previous one
10,It is a movie that lacks nothing compared to the first movie.
9,Terminator 2 is fun!
9,Terminator 1 and 2 are both fun. Don't watch 3
10,Episode 1 and 2 are the best! Episode 3!
9,The second episode was the most fun and the quality was high
10,Deokgu is so good at acting.I got goosebumps and I'm crying
10,It was a movie where I could understand grandfather Deokgu and mother Deokgu without any unreasonable developmentcrying
10,His acting skills are amazing.Everything is perfect
10,Heart-warming moving movie! The acting of Lee Soon-jae and the child actor is outstanding.
10,It's fun and touching
10,It is so touching and sad
10,7H is sad. He cried
10,Best Touch ♡♡ I recommend it as a family movie
2,Forced touching... The main character's voice hurts my ears. It's also a cliche story The main character is good at acting
9,Poor Deokgu and Deokhee... Children need a mother...
10,Maybe I'll be the last one. It was a lot of fun I almost cried when I saw it
10,The whole family cried on Sunday afternoon while watching it defenselessly on FLEX 4FLEX.Is it okay for Lee Soonjae and young actor Jung Ji Hoon to make our family cry like this?
9,A movie that makes you prepare to be sad
10,It was so touchingcrying
10,I cried from beginning to end I used up a whole bottle of tissue
10,I saw it for the first time today.I cried a lot as a mother raising a 21-month-old baby.I'm so touched.It's been a while. Warm.It's like the end of the year. ^^ Baby.I'll show you when I grow up. Thank you for the great work.
10,The movie is crazy.I'm so into it
8,Lee Soonjae's acting in a heartwarming movie is amazing.
10,It's such a good movie.
9,He didn't say well and showed a lot of things with his facial expressions. It made me feel sorry for him
10,I don't think I've ever cried this much after watching a movie Lee Soonjae is like my grandfather. Thank you for your great acting
10,It's been a really long time since I watched a movie and cried. I hope you watch Deokgu. It's a movie that you never regret.
10,It was so heart-warming I cried so much while watching it. Thank you.
10,The actors' acting made my eyes tear up.
10,I don't know how much tears I don't knowLee Soonjae's acting makes me feel sad and sad
10,I want to see my grandfather in the night. Thank you for the good movie
10,My eyes are so swollen that they hurt. --
10,I really like the story of this movie!I have never seen such a moving movie before.
10,It's a movie that cries every time I watch it.
10,Tears welled up...
8,The pain of children facing the hard reality of multicultural families~Real reality!
10,The best movie ever. I cried and had a runny nose. All the characters in the movie are the best in acting and breathing.
10,It's so sad.  I think I cried and had a runny nose the whole time
1,A movie about the process of destroying children's emotions.
3,I'm squeezing the juice
10,It's my first time getting a GPA.Thank you for making such a moving movie.Thank you teacher Lee Soonjae and actor Jung Jihoon for your great acting.My heart was really warm and happy throughout the movie.
9,Soon Jae-ong and everyone's acting is right. So it's a movie that really makes me sad. But it's a happy ending.
10,I can't tell if the actors' acting is real or a movieIt's touching and heartwarming.
10,I was so sad.I cried my eyes out.
10,I cried my eyes out It's a really sad and touching movie
1,Is this your best?Are you sure about that?
10,It has an excellent effect on the treatment of dry eyes.
10,It's been a really long time since I watched a movie crying
10,It's a movie that makes me cry thinking about my grandmother and grandfather
7,It was a movie that made me think about multicultural families again.
10,I cried the whole time crying
10,It's my first time writing a movie review. I cried throughout the movie. I can't stop crying even after the movie because I keep thinking about my late grandfather. Grandfather Lee Soon-jae's acting is always lingering and touching. I hope you can be active as an actor for a long time. I hope you have a good health.
10,I cried a lot while watching it Grandfather Lee Soonjae's great acting and Deokgu's acting are amazing The story is warm and I recommend it
10,I sobbed. You are so good at acting
10,A sad but humane masterpiece of multicultural families.
10,It's been a while since I cried. Look
10,Deokgu is so good at acting. Lee Soonjae is the best It's touching.
10,My nose is salty
10,I cried while watching it without thinking!
10,It was a heart-warming movie. I cried a lot the whole time I watched it  Deokhee is so cute
10,It's a sad but heart-warming movie
10,He said he doesn't cry after watching sad movies. He was careless and kept crying. It's a really good movie
10,It didn't feel like it was a movie. The acting wasn't awkward. It was so touching I cried a bucket of tears.
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's my first time getting a rating after watching a movie. It's a really touching moviecrying
10,The actors' excellent acting skills stood out and it reminded me of my grandfather.
10,I watched it while sobbing...
10,I cried the most in my life thinking about my grandfather while watching the movie.
10,It's really added to my life movie... I really have to watch this.
10,Tears and runny nose were running late at night
10,It's a touching movie
10,It reminds me of my grandfather a lot. It makes me cry every time I watch it
10,I always miss my grandfather who died. I'm sorry.
10,The actors were so good at acting that it felt like I was actually there. It was touching I used up all the tissue while crying.
10,Thank you for the happy ending.
10,I shed tears and runny nose... I didn't even cry when I saw him with God!
10,My eyes are swollen because I cried so much Thank you
10,I cried from the beginning because it reminded me of my grandfather
10,This movie made me cry I'm so sad. Babies are so good at acting. This is my favorite movie. I love it
10,Tears and runny nose Strongly recommend
8,It's been a long time
10,I naturally smiled at the rough expression of love between my family and shed tears at the sincere expression of love.
10,I really cried a lot. I cried so hard that I was choking up. I respect teacher Lee Soonjae.
10,I'm a real man. I cried in the end. He's dragging his feet again.Deokgu who makes "Manly Men" cry!This is a movie. It's even more surprising because it's a true story.
5,Common Korean Movies
10,I cried so much that my eyes were macarons for two days
10,It's been a while since I cried.
10,It was touching. Recommend.
10,I really cried while watching the movie. It's so touching
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,JI HOON is so cute It's like I'm looking at Yoo Seungho going home. Lee Soonjae's warm grandfather... Stay healthy!!!
1,rating adjustment
10,It's a movie that's so touching and makes you cryMake sure to watch it
10,It's such a touching and sad movie.I cried a lot the whole time.Great actor Lee Soonjae. His acting is the best.I hope you are always healthy.
10,I cried without realizing it when I saw my grandfather patting Deokgu's hair in the hospital room.A movie that reminds me of my grandparents
10,It's Seollal and I cried...
10,How can you show it to me as a New Year's special movie? I cried all the time and thought I was going to die of embarrassment among my unfamiliar relatives
10,It was touching and I really enjoyed watching it with my family.
10,Lee Soonjae is so good at acting. I'm so moved that I can't speak because I'm choked.
10,I don't usually get a GPA.I'm so touched! I strongly recommend it
10,They met their mother again I hope so
10,It's so heart-breaking and I'm crying
10,The acting and the story are perfect. They remind me of my memories
1,I'll give it to you
10,It makes me feel sad. Recommend.
10,Who is posting malicious comments here?!
10,It's so touching and touching.
10,I'm touched. It's the best.
10,I saw it because other people here said they were touched.What a touching and warm movie...
10,It's so touching. I cried a lot while watching it
10,I cry just by looking at the commercial.
10,I felt it with my heart and I was impressed
10,Lee Soonjae's acting skills and children's acting skills are very impressive and impressive. It's a movie that makes me cry as I grew up in a similar family. It was a movie that I really enjoyed and felt a lot It's the best
1,the pinnacle of a new school
10,I shed tears and runny nose with my acting skills that doubles the meaningful directing of each scene crying
10,You're so sad. Don't miss it if you have plans the next day My eyes are swollen
10,The movie is so complete! Soonjae Grandpa and Deokgu Deokhee. Good acting! Kids are so pretty! 꼭♡♡ Please watch it!
10,It was sadder because Lee Soonjae acted so well crying
10,All the actors are really good at acting It's a really moving movie
10,I wish Lee Soonjae good health for 100 years at the same time as his heart-rending actingThank you for letting me feel warm tears.
10,It's really my first time getting a rating. I trusted Lee Soonjae and it was so touching. It's a movie that makes you cry and think a lot about your family.
10,That's too cruel. He tore my heart to pieces and almost died of tears. My father and mother are all my fault. I love you.
1,It's a fake that a Korean movie is up
10,The best movie of my life! I love you who know how you feel^^
1,Awkward dialects and clichés
1,It's an amazing ability to make a movie with good actors
10,It's a movie that makes your soul cry! crying
10,I must see it.It's like a movie with a story.^&^
10,I sobbed. It's a warm movie
10,I want to see Lee Soonjae on TV for a long time ♥
10,It is a very moving movie. You are also good at acting.I strongly recommend it!
10,The actors are so good at acting and it's a movie that makes you feel a lot of thoughts It's sad and touching
10,I don't need to say it. I feel like I'm not obvious at all
10,I'm so touched. I just saw it now crying
1,kliukjrturt
10,It was so hard to watch a movie because of my tears
10,Grandpa is always Deokgu
10,What more do I need to say? I couldn't stop crying throughout the movie Lee Soonjae is so cool
10,This movie makes even people without tears cry
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae! Thank you for watching Deokgu movie. Thank you. I'll look forward to your great work. Stay healthy ^^
10,I really respect you Teacher Lee Soonjae
10,Lee Soonjae is still handsome even when he gets older
10,Real life movie. Actor Lee Soonjae's acting skills...
10,It's a movie that gave me a break in the world these days
10,It's a movie that touches my heartI think I'm going to think about my grandmother a lot today
8,Why am I sad when my grandfather scolds me at Deokgu's school?
10,I feel emotional and emotional~~
10,The heartwarming movie lingers for a long time
10,My heart hurt the whole time I watched it
10,I cried a lot while watching it. That's a great movie!
10,It's really my life movie. I strongly recommend it when you want to cry
2,Just spring... I don't recommend it because it's a sad movie
1,Technologicalization of Meat Soup for Native and Nutu
9,I think I shed a whole year's worth of tears. It was a movie that reminded me of my late grandmother a lot.
10,This is the first review I leave while watching the movie. I can't get over it It's not a movie where I try to force myself to be moved. I'm touched by each actor's acting I cried throughout the movie. It's such a bummer that the movie has 10 points.
10,It's the best. Touching and enlightening
10,I miss my grandmother. Does this movie remind you of anyone?   I miss you so much
10,I watched the movie with my kids home for surgery. I can't wait to get my baby back They need a mother
10,Watching this movie still reminds me of my late grandmother and grandfather. It's not a forced new drama. It's a touching movie
10,My favorite movie... Lee Soonjae's acting is really touching.I'm so touched by the kids.
10,My clothes are all wet from wiping my tears. I'm in trouble.
1,Don't lower the ranks of masterpieces--
8,I get emotional even though I think it's obvious.
10,Please stay with us for a long time. A movie that's worth watching
1,I've heard it's been a long time since the Zeldorf era.
10,I'm shedding tears at the end  be in the dold
10,It was a heartwarming movie that I haven't seen in a long time.
10,It's been a while since I cried like this. I'm so happy to find a good movie this late.
10,a film storming the shadows of the depths
10,I cried while watching it at homecrying
10,Why are my eyes sweating so much?
1,a typical Korean-style forced-to-
10,I watched it with my 6-year-old daughter crying.A movie that feels the importance of family
10,I was sadder because they acted so wellcrying
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae... All the child actors fell in love with their acting skills It's a movie that's very touching
10,I'm going to watch a movie and cheer up
10,Everyone's acting is good and I'm crying
10,Make sure to watch it! Take a look!
10,I just watched it on TV and it was fun
10,My husband and I cried a lot
10,I'm a huge fan of Grandpa Lee Soonjae
10,I'm so annoyed. I shed a lot of tears from the morning during the holidays
3,The dialect was so awkward. Why are you using it? Is there a reason why I had to put in a dialect?
1,It's really no fun...I turned it off
1,a typical Korean new drama And there's the element of acting cute for children. It's a new drama that only came out in the 80s.
10,You're really good at acting as a child actor. It was sadder because the child actors and teacher Lee Soonjae's acting was natural without any annoying scenes
5,I couldn't sympathize with the movie story. I think it's the best choice for Koreans to marry each other.
10,It was the best movie ever. I watched it with my girlfriend and I cried a lot. It was so sad and it's a heart-warming movie. Thank you.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,I'm touched. It's a plausible story and I saw it with tears
10,I almost went crazy because I couldn't handle my runny nose
10,Everyone acted so well. Grandfather Lee Soonjae's acting touched my heartcrying
1,Let's strike a balance. Korean movie out
10,It's my first time crying to the point where my face is numb. Every line of Deokgu grandfather is touching and makes me cry
10,I cried so much that my heart ached the whole time
8,a heartwarming movie
10,Tears. Tears.Mr. Lee Soonjae...I respect you. I cried a lot with my children because it was a family movie
10,There's a gentle echoThank you
10,It was a warm and very good movie.
10,The movie that I watched while crying from beginning to end. The movie that my grandfather really missed and was thankful for
10,It's the best movie ever
10,I cried my eyes out. Be nice to your precious family
10,I cried my eyes out. It reminds me of my late grandmother.
10,Sigh... I'm sad...
10,The child actors are really good at acting. It was a touching movie.
10,I felt a scent similar to the movie "Home" It warmed my heart throughout the movie
10,This kind of movie should be a hit.
10,A warm movie with a tearful smile and tears in it
10,a ten-point movie!
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,I miss my grandfather.
10,It's my first time leaving comments. It is really my life movie...
10,I am sorry for watching it after the release.
10,Do you know what Sinpaguk is? Is this movie called Sinpaguk?I don't know what it means because everyone else uses it
1,It's just a new drama.Should I get this rating?
10,The movie that made me cry from beginning to end. Thank you.
10,It's the first time I've ever seen such a thing. It's so touching
10,The movie that I watched when I was doing nothing at the end of the school year while wiping my tears in the corner of the classroom.The reason why I was able to focus on the noisy surroundings is that the actors' acting is that good...
10,My heart is so sweet
10,Sometimes I like this heartbreaking movie.
1,Don't look at it. It's boring
9,I love you.I like Lee Soonjae more
2,It's like a TV drama special.
10,Please act for a long time Teacher
10,I watched it while sobbing since the middle. The acting was so good that I paid for it.It's not a waste of money!
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch it!
1,I hate Korean-style mass production
10,Thank you for Lee Soonjae's acting. It is so nice to see a movie like this after a long time.
10,I cried from start to finishcrying
10,It feels like I watched a movie in a long time
10,I am so sad that I thought of my grandmother and grandfather while watching it.
8,It's a movie that contains my grandfather's warm heart
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
10,We should play this kind of movie for Chuseok special
10,I cried a lot왜 Why do I cry whenever I see Lee Soonjae acting?It's a touching movie
10,(G)I-DLE is so cute that 10 points
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
8,It starts with Lee Soonjae and ends with Lee Soonjae.
10,I cried my eyes out because of the child actor
10,It was the saddest and most touching moment since the 7th episode
10,It was so touching.
8,The unexpected twist is fun^^
10,It's really sincere The movie has been crying since morning. I love you It's Lee Soonjae.
1,It's so unlikely that the story isn't very good... It seemed like you were forcing me to cry at the last part
10,Warm movie ♡ Kids are so good at acting!
10,I'm so touched I strongly recommend it!
10,Tears came out without realizing it.
1,This is the ranking of 3?
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.
10,I respect the movie that Lee Soonjae made so obvious All the time
10,I cried while watching it. a hidden masterpiece
9,Deokgu and Deokhee Sunjae's acting was amazing
10,I recommend a movie that makes you cry endlesslyMake sure to watch it! Make sure to watch it!
10,I cried. I miss you.
10,I'm going to leave a rating for the first time. I cried a lot while watching it.a highly recommended movie
10,It was a heart-warming movie It's a shame I didn't see you at the theater
10,It's the best. Deokgu's acting is the best
10,It was so touching
10,My eyes are swollen.Child actor Deokgu is good at acting
8,It's a heart-warming movie^^
1,This kind of sentimental movie is always obvious.I'm sick of it. I'Grandpa raised me and bought me a kid's dad.She's either running away or being abandoned.And the house is always poor...And grandpas and grandmothers always die
4,I think I'm giving away 10 points too recklessly Is the standard for masterpieces 100% touching?
10,It's 100 points.Top
10,It's fun and touching
9,It's such a touching movie.Tears welled up...
10,It was a movie that made my heart ache and didn't leave my mind easily.I watched a warm movie after a long time.
10,Deokgu JinTzu is the best Youngho. Lee Soonjae is the best child actor. What is that? He's good at acting
10,Thank you for making it.
10,It reminds me of my grandparents.I cried while watching it.
9,It's good as a family movie^^
10,The movie is so touching and fun. I recommend you to watch it
10,Ah-- I'm so sad...
10,They cried for the first time while watching a movie
10,I think I watched a movie that is like a movie after a long time.
10,The movie that made me cry while watching it with my grandmother.  Thank you.
1,It's too high.
10,The most interesting movie I watched with my daughter recently is calm and touching
10,I'm so sad. I cried my eyes out
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's like watching a human theater episode. It's so touching and I cried
10,I can't get over it It was one of the best movies
6,I don't know why the ratings are so high
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is a great person. Please take care of your health and act with us for a long time.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that hurt my neckLee Soonjae's acting that makes me cry and runny nose. Deokgu is really good at acting
1,(Singing "Crying
10,Thank you for the good movie. ^^
10,There is no need for rhetoric
10,The actors are so good at acting. I really respect and love Lee Soonjae! I cried a lot during the night. It's a movie I want to watch again
10,Thank you for the good movie!
10,It's really touching. It's not a waste
10,I really cried my eyes out. Sunjae's acting is amazing.
8,I heard that it was Soonjae's last piece
10,I respect teacher Lee Soonjae.
8,Expected story.A warm classic movie with a touching and precious ending.Teacher Lee Soonjae recommended a movie like a vaccination that modern people should get every time they are ignorant of the importance of children's good performance
10,Tears were falling down the whole time.
10,It was the best movie ever. It's touching.
10,The saddest movie ever was the best
8,The movie that many people could watch because actor Lee Soonjae is in it
10,I cried so much. I was really impressed.
10,I cried my eyes out. It's my favorite movie
1,The best Seulhae movie ever
10,It's obvious but sad and heartbreaking. Deokgu is good at acting
10,I miss my grandfather
10,I cried my eyes out until the end of the movie
10,It's a movie that made me cry from the beginning.  I don't think I'll ever forget it
10,My eyes are swollen because I cried so much from start to end
1,All I saw was a sigh. This should definitely be reevaluated like Room 7
10,I really respect Lee Soonjae's acting
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae's acting is the best. It's been a long time since I cried so hard while watching a movie
8,These are things that you can see often when you leave a big city these days. So I was even more touched. It's a good movie.
10,Grandpa... The best movie ever!
10,I can't express it in words.
10,I'm so overwhelmed by each line and I'm short of 10 points
10,The moment I saw Lee Soonjae... Tears just came out.
10,It's a really good movie where I can feel my grandfather's heart
8,This is the learning...
9,Actor Lee Soonjae and Deokhee's acting are both great. It's a touching story that reminds me of my childhood
10,Jung Ji Hoon is so good at acting.
10,It's the saddest. See you
10,Actor Lee Soonjae did everything
10,It's been a long time since I saw such a good movie.Thank you. Please make a lot of movies like this
10,I was so sad to act as a child actor with Lee Soonjae. It's been a while since I watched a heartwarming movie
1,I'm so touched. Because of Lee Soonjae
10,Both actor Lee Soonjae and children's acting are crazy...
10,The acting of the movie actors who cried throughout the movie was amazing
10,It's touching from beginning to endI cried my eyes outYou're really the best!I'll spread the word that it's fun
10,I was looking forward to the preview and I cried a lot It doesn't disappoint me. It's a movie that shows a lot of things
10,It was a touching movie that didn't require words.
2,A tear-jerking movie. Do we need to make a movie?
10,I was so touched by Lee Soonjae's acting
10,the best combination of old and child actors
9,It was fun because the acting was excellent.
10,I always respect Lee Soonjae
10,Sigh... It's a heartbreaking movie
10,Thank you for reminding me of my late grandfather
10,Thank you so much Grandfather Lee Soonjae
10,Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,It's definitely 10 points.
10,The saddest and most heartwarming movie of the year
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year
10,I look like the owner of Dookku. Resting. Chuncheon <nono swim
10,I've never cried this much while watching a movie.
4,Stop squeezing. That's too muchI'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I'm part-timing the comments
10,It's a really good movie. Tears welled up in my heart
10,I watched it thinking about my father-in-law with my daughter.
10,a heartwarming movie
1,Stop making movies with old man Jaeyi and grandma. I hate movies like this
6,Something that seems cliche but never changes.
6,Isn't the rating too high?
10,A movie you want to watch again
10,I cried a lotChild actor is really good at acting. Lee Soonjae is the best too
10,Tears came out. I admit that it's a masterpiece.
10,I'm leaving the first comment. Just watch. I won't say more
10,I was so touched as if I cried more than 10 times
10,It is a very moving movie after Cinema Heaven.
10,It's a character that shows the teacher's unadorned appearance. You left a deep impression
10,a movie full of emotion and lingering emotions
1,This is the rating for adjusting the rating
10,It's so sad and touching  My eyes are swollen. You have to watch it
10,It's so sad and fun
10,I felt sadder because the acting was so real and not awkward
10,God Soonjae... Child actors are acting so well
10,God Soonjae... Child actors are acting so well
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen There's no scene where I didn't cry the whole time
10,I suddenly feel itI should be nice to him when he's aliveI don't think I could stop cryingThank you so much
10,Lee Soonjae is a great actor and Deokgu is a masterpiece of the times
10,I was so sad when Deokgu fixed the pierced socks.crying
10,I really enjoyed it. I'm tearing up
10,The first movie I watched while crying.
10,It's heartbreaking and Lee Soon-jae's acting doesn't disappoint.
10,Deokgu is cute♥♥
10,I kept crying until the movie was over
10,I had a hard time holding back the tears of a man from Gyeongsang-do
10,It's a movie that makes you cry
8,I like movies but I don't understand any dialects I don't know if it's because I only live in Seoul... I wish there were subtitles
10,It's fun. It's fun. It's funIt's fun
10,I don't remember the scene where I didn't cry for hours watching the movie
10,Deokgu... Deokgu...
10,Thank you...They made a movie for me
10,It was a really touching movie
10,You're the best!
10,I feel overwhelmed.  It's been a long time since I saw a movie that I sobbed out loud.
10,Lee Soonjae is the best
7,The pain of multicultural families is well expressed. The grandfather's grandchildren's love is touching
10,This movie is not a waste of money just by following the emotional line. It's a really touching movie.
10,The touching movie is already complete with Lee Soonjae's acting.
10,This kind of movie needs to be popular...Top.
10,She's really good at acting like a baby girl
10,I was crying without realizing it.I recommend you to watch it twice. It's twice
10,It's better than any provocative movie.
10,It's really the best. I can't help but give you 10 points
10,I cried my eyes out. It's the best.
10,The movie that made me cry the most in my life
10,It's so good. Make sure to watch it
10,I need 10 points. My life movie
10,I cried from the beginning to the endcrying
10,It's the best movie ever His acting is really
9,I enjoyed the movie
10,It was nice to be able to feel each of the main characters' perspectives vividly while watching the movie. I think I cried more than 10 times while watching the movie. It was a great movie!
10,It is a sad and heartwarming movie. I remember my grandfather who died a lot
10,I recommend watching it alone. I'm tearing up after a long time
10,I cried for 40 minutes without lying
5,a full-length version of a one-act drama
10,A movie that's good for your family to watch
10,A movie that people would ask if I ate and slept in the morning after watching it at night
10,A movie that people would ask if I ate and slept in the morning after watching it at night
10,It was a movie that made me cryThank you
10,It is my first time crying after watching a movie.
10,A moving movie that is not made like a movie these days. It's Jinja Gamdong
10,It's my favorite movie I recommend it!
7,I managed to see it. I was so glad that Deokhee's mom was a good person.
10,Deokgu is so sad. Ppongpongpong hug
10,Make sure to watch a movie that you cried after a long time
10,Each scene is touching and heartbreaking.
4,It's a waste of Lee Soonjae's acting... I thought you were watching a one-act play on KBS... The script is a bit... old fashionedness
9,Deokhee... It's sad and so pretty
10,You're the best. You're the best. Wow...
9,I really enjoyed watching it. It reminds me of my childhood!
10,Thank you for singing my childhood nostalgia.
10,Deokgu is good at acting.crying
10,Touching... Tears...
10,Child actors are so cute ^^ Lee Soonjae!  Thank you for your great acting!
10,Thank you so much!
10,I've never used it before. I'm so touched. I keep crying. I still cry
10,It's such a touching movie.
10,A standing ovation for Deokgu!I was amazed by Ji Hoon's
10,It's a moving movie.
10,Lee Soon-jae's acting~ Deok-gu acted well at a young age and the story was touching. Deok-gu looks like Little Park Bo-gum! I think my uncle played the role of Lee Sun Gyun's son. I hope you grow up well and become a good actor like now ^^
10,It's really my favorite movie. Make sure to watch it
10,It is really my best movie.
10,A movie that reminds me of my grandfather
10,I'm going to leave a comment for the first time in my early 30s. I have to see this. I don't want to get 10 points I hope to see Lee Soonjae for a long time
10,It's not a waste of ten stars
1,Adjusting because the rating is too high
10,I'm giving Lee Soonjae a perfect score for his acting^^
10,I had a hard time wiping away my childhood memories and tears
8,I don't try to make you sad. It's sadder because it feels like we're acting in our daily lives
10,I cursed because I was holding back my tears
10,It's a movie that warms your heart and makes you sad at the same time. Thank you so much for watching it.
10,I cried a lot because it reminded me of the past.Thank you
1,I'm bored...The score is too much.7 points are perfect
10,I used up a tissue with my girlfriend.
6,I'm glad you're not a bad person
8,I thought of my parents a lot while watching it. Thank you.
10,It's my first time crying while watching a movie It's the best!♥
10,I wasn't going to cry. It's obvious.It ended up ringing...
10,It's a movie that I don't regret even if I watch it. It's a movie that's not a waste of money. It's a movie that touches my heart.
9,I watched it with my mom and I cried a lot crying
8,It was okay. I want to see you again next time
10,Family Month movie recommendation. Leave out the explanation
9,I enjoyed it^^
10,I was so moved that I remembered my late grandfather.crying
10,I really enjoyed the movie that made my heart ache
10,It is sad. I strongly recommend it.It's Lee Soonjae's thumbs up  Thumbs up for child actors
10,It's really bitter.I hope you always stay healthy and show a lot of good acting.Deokgu. It's a really good movie.
10,I just cry a lot.
10,Really... Make sure to watch it I watched it while sobbing
10,It's so touching눈Teary eyes
10,It was so touching.
10,I'm so touched!
10,Gonjiam? I like this spring!
10,A touching film full of family's affectionate love
10,Thank you for making this movie
10,I just saw that my 7-year-old boy was in tears... L
10,Don't ever go with your makeup on.I cried my eyes out for two hours.
10,It's been a really long time since I felt this. The best!
10,I'm crying... I'm so sad
10,I really watched the movie with tears.Thank you for making this movie.
10,I really recommend this movie.It's been a while since I cried
10,I cried so much that my shoulders moved up and down after the present in Room 7. I couldn't stop crying even after I came out because I missed my grandfather so much. It's a movie that reminds me of my forgotten grandfather.  I respect and respect Lee SoonjaeAn unforgettable movie
10,I can't help but cry Make sure you watch it
10,I miss my grandfather so much. I cried my eyes out
10,I was more moved because I remembered my childhood memories with my grandfather and grandmother in the countryside. I think the realistic part of the multicultural family and the acting of the characters are well harmonized. It's such a shame that such a good movie doesn't have a theater...
10,It's so touching. I cried so much The acting and the content are great♡
10,Soonjae is good at any role.The male character Deokgu is so cute.I want to bite you.
10,It was so touching and heart-warming.  Make sure to watch it
5,It's too bad that it's obvious.
8,Even if it's a common emotional movie... For Lee Soonjae who starred in no guarantee...
10,My eyes are swollen 너무 I'm so sad
10,It was my first time to cry like this after watching a movie.
10,A night where I miss my grandfather. A movie that awakens the importance of family. A movie that makes you think about multicultural families again.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I cried my eyes out. Deokgu...You're so good at actingGrandfather Lee Soonjae is very good.
1,Why is the rating so good? It's really boring and boring
5,I don't know. I don't think it's a rated movie
10,It is the most touching movie I have seen recently.^^* It makes my heart warm
10,My heart feels numb. Grandpa Deokgu and Deokgu's acting was really great
10,It was the most touching movie in a long time I felt a lot of things while watching it Thank you.
10,I cried so much that I watched it at the movie theater.It's the best movie I've ever seenMy older sister Hantae recommended it to me and I watched it at home. It's sad and it's a really good movieA movie that I really recommend!I think Deokgu was more focused because he acted wellThank you so much
10,It was so heart-warming. I loved the moviecrying
10,The time to watch a movie went by so quickly and it was a sad and touching movie... I think it is a good movie that makes me realize the importance of my family again.
10,I cried a lot.
6,It really shows what a new school is!
10,There is no need for words. A movie that I want to recommend to people around me. I cried a lot after a long time. Thank you for making a good movie.
6,Reproduction of the emotions of the new drama that I saw a long time ago
10,I had a hard time wiping my tears and runny nose all the time.
10,The movie that cried from the beginning to the end
10,It's the first movie with a 10 point score. It's the best movie ever I don't regret it. It's so sad. I cried for the first time while watching a movie
10,I really recommend it.The first movie to be rated
10,I think I only shed tears all the time I saw it.I didn't even have 10 stars. It's the best movie since the movie
10,Two men cried while watching... It's amazing
10,It's so much fun.Lee Soonjae's acting is amazing
10,I can't put it into words
2,It's a movie that fits the TV drama "One Act" rather than the movie theater.
10,I've never cried watching Deokgu cry so sadly.
10,I guess I haven't really learned the importance of my grandfather in 23 years. I get enlightenment while watching this movie. Thank you for being there.
10,I want to keep watching Lee Soonjae's acting.Take care.
10,I kept crying while watching it. Maybe because I was able to relate to it.
10,My heart aches because I miss my grandfather
10,I cried the whole time.I really enjoyed the movie
10,Soonjae grandfather is so touched just by looking at him
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot among the movies I've seen recently.
10,This movie will be watched by 10 million people.
10,I cried so much...It's so nice This kind of movie
10,I remembered a lot of my childhood that I forgot when I was 31. I cried a lot because I got choked up every 10 minutes.
10,This is a movie that I can't not give you 10 points
10,Just as his father did his father
6,My heart aches for my grandfather who has no choice but to leave. But did I have to incorporate multiculturalism into it? Multiculturalism cannot be viewed favorably unless it is a love marriage.
10,I cried like crazy. I cried the whole time thinking about my grandfather
10,I really liked Lee Soonjae and Baby Deokgu
10,Ratings. It's real. You can't miss it's a must
10,I'm so touched. I'm so sad
10,It's really sad. It's a must-see movie.
10,I cried throughout the movie It's so touching
10,Thank you so much for allowing me to watch a movie with great composition and acting in a long time I was so immersed that I forgot it was a movie. It was a movie that made me cry and touched my heart after a long time. It is a movie that makes me miss my grandmother and grandfather who died.
10,I kept crying throughout the movieI think it's a really sad and touching movie Actor Lee Soonjae and actor Jung Jihoon both grew up in acting. I think this movie was completed thanks to your acting This movie is great to watch in May as Family Month! I strongly recommend it
10,It's so sad. It reminds me of my grandfather
10,It's so touching꼭Make sure you watch it!
10,I've never seen a movie like this before. The kids are so good at acting and it's such a touching movie that I want to watch twice
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae is really cool.  Thank you for the good movie.
10,The movie is flawless. It is a natural portrayal of grandfather's grandchild love. I recommend it. ^^
10,I respect actor Lee Soonjae
10,I miss my grandfathercrying
10,It is the best Korean movie in recent years.
10,It is a touching movie. Lee Soonjae's acting is touching
8,I felt the expected but unbearable sadness!
9,It was a very humane movie.
2,It's a waste of money to watch it at the theater
10,I am a fan of teacher Lee Soonjae.The laughter and tears that I saw...I miss my grandfather even more Stay healthy. I love you
5,I think the movie was cut in half.The last time the babies ran...The movie ended suddenly I blanked out wondering what it was It seems like a movie that ended quickly because of lack of production cost. So I'll give you half the stars
10,I'm going to leave a review for the first time in my life
10,Your acting was great. It was touchingcrying
10,Deokgu's Deokhee acting is the best
10,I think this is a movie that you can't help but sob.I want to make you watch it once in a while
10,No words needed. The greatest masterpiece of this era
10,Make sure to watch it. Watch it again and again Lee Soonjae's acting is unbelievable Just watch it
10,It was a good movie. It was a warm movie.It was a time to reflect on the importance of family.
1,I'm not going to make this into a movie.It's just a special drama.
10,The movie I watched with tears in my eyes...
10,I can see why the score is 10 is so sad and good at acting.
10,I didn't cry even after watching Pandora. Deokgu's tears and runny nose are coming out
10,It's a movie that lingers in my mind.
4,Am I the only one who feels like watching a human theater?
10,Please stay as a good actorcrying
10,I cry just looking at Lee Soonjae's face
10,I admire the acting of the actors. I kept crying because I remembered the time I was growing up. It's a movie that's worth watching over and over again.
10,I respect actor Lee Soonjae
10,The movie that I cried a lot while watching this year...
10,It's so touchingMake sure to watch it
10,Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it
10,Tears welled up in the morning.
10,It's a movie that knocks on the heart. It's touching!Lee Soonjae's great acting is great
10,I don't know why I watched this movie now It's the best movie for me I keep thinking about it and missing it
10,I cried the whole time I was watching crying
10,It's a good piece of work! Recommendation
10,It made my heart warm and made me think about my family again
10,I feel a lot of the best movies...
10,I think I cried for an hour and 30 minutes Actor Lee Soonjae's acting is really amazing. I really respect you.
10,I can't explain how I feel in every minute. It was the best.
10,Grandfathers should never be beaten by their grandchildren for any reason. Whatever the circumstances of the family. The conclusion is that the daughter-in-law made her father-in-law's debt after many twists and turns. make a dramatic reconciliation with Grandfather Lee Soonjae will go to heaven easily. I wish you all the best
10,Thank you for watching this movie
10,I was so touched. A devoted family.
10,I cried for an hour and a half and my heart got so warm
10,It was really good. I was also raised by my elderly parents and I was immersed in this movie.Then I became a 27-year-old boy and called my grandparents for the first time to thank them. It was a movie that I was thankful for. Thank you.
10,It's a heart-warming movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,It's just crazy... Acting and storytelling... It's so heartbreaking
10,I watched it with my second daughter in elementary school.
10,There's not a single thing that's forced.
10,I cried while watching while working part-time.
10,It was the most meaningful movie I've ever seen. A movie you can't watch without tears
10,I can't watch it until the end.Tears are covering my eyes and my heart is so heavy.Being old means coloring yourself with love and giving that love to the people around you.Lee Soonjae's expression makes me cry
10,I cried the whole time It's the best
10,I am sad from the beginning to the end of the movie.
10,I shed a lot of tears~~
10,Make sure to watch it.  Look twice.  I cried so much that my eyes were puffy.
10,I cried without tears.
1,This year's first movie that made me want to be on it.Deokgu is so rude that he talks back to his grandfather
10,Everyone who watched the movie is sniffling.I really recommend it. It's a movie that warms you up
10,My head was throbbing as I held back my tears.
9,It's fun. It's fun
1,Why are butterflies flying around?
1,This year's first movie that made me want to be on it.Deokgu is so rude that he talks back to his grandfather
10,A good movie to watch with children
10,I watched it while sobbing. I didn't expect to be this sad
2,I'm so touched. I can't get into it.
1,This is funnier than Shawshank? lol
9,I cried a lot. I enjoyed the warm movie
10,It was a warm movie I always respond
4,The acting of Lee Soonjae and the child actor was good.Just natural TV human theater is more interesting.A midwife who's forced to cry over an obvious story.Bored the whole time.
1,Why? Why is the rating so high? jQuery22403495358444038683_1524770860051
5,I couldn't relate to it. I focused on the close-up scene and it was fun to see Lee Soonjae
9,I saw the preview. It's art. D-Park
1,The rating needs to be adjusted First place on NAVER... Gukppong is here again...
10,It's touching... The audience here and there... It was a touching movie
10,A movie that lingers even after it comes out
10,I cried four times while watching it.It was a movie that I really wanted to watch. I really enjoyed it
10,It is a meaningful movie about multicultural families and grandparents. The great actor Lee Soon-jae's acting and the bright acting of child actors are excellent. I was touched by the calm.
10,It was a movie where GFRIEND cries next to me and I reminisce about my late grandfather GFRIEND became Lee Soonjae's fan Always be healthy It was heart-warming
9,It is a really good movie because I think about people and my future when I am old. I was alone in the 170-seat movie theater. I cried excitedly by myself
10,A movie I've seen recently that doesn't waste any money. It's so fun and touching. Make sure to watch it.
6,Deokgu is really good at acting
10,Thanks to Lee Soonjae...
10,I think it's a movie that came out It's been a while since I haven't seen it in a while
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is so good...?
10,It's so nice. I have nothing more to say
10,I realized how precious my mom is
10,I want to give him 10 out of 10 I got choked up!
8,It's a story about feeling the love of family...Watch it with your family^^
9,It was a movie worth watching.
10,A heart-warming movie. Thank you.
10,I think it's going to be really touching. We're just around the corner.
10,I went there with my little son and I just cried my eyes out.Are you getting more sensitive with age?
10,The actor's acting skills and story are all good
8,That's great.
10,Deokgu...
10,I didn't want to cry.It's a movie that makes you cry
10,It was a good movie!I miss you again
8,A movie that I trust and watch!
9,I hope there will be more theaters...bb
9,The last line of Deokgu's mother was very sad.
10,I don't understand why there are so few screens.It's really sad...
8,Nice. Lee Soonjae is making a movie
10,It was my first time watching a movie. Tears.                 What's wrong with this way? Has it gone viral yet?
8,Very good. I'm tearing up after a long time
8,You had a good time with your son
10,The movie that made me feel at ease and cry in a lot
10,It's a movie that taught a 9-year-old child the importance of parents!
10,I really enjoyed the movie. The movie itself was touching.
10,I didn't even think about it.Tears...Actor Lee Soonjae! (Crying)
10,It was fun and sad이Lee Soonjae is also good at acting!It reminded me of my grandfathercrying
10,It's the best treatment for dry and dry eyes
10,It was a warm movie like spring.
8,I like it. Interest in today's event is increasing
8,I miss my grandparents
10,It's a very touching movie. My name is Kim Deok-guThe best scene
10,I'm so sadI cried for two hours.
10,It's a really moving movie.
10,It was a warm movie that didn't go too far and delivered a message calmly
10,Watching the best movie is really crying all the time and it still lingers.
8,Child actors are so good at acting  jackpot
10,It's an unforgettable movie. What's more surprising is that the production cost is 500 million won;;;
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,Watch the touching movie part of your life. Watch it once and twice!
10,It's a really good movie that I can't express in words.
10,Actor Lee Soon-jae and the little child actors were so good at acting that I kept crying and laughing. Thank you.
10,I cried a lot when I saw it. It's so sad and fun. Good
8,A humane movie that reminds me of my grandfather
10,It was so touching that I cried while watching it
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is the best.
10,I was so sad...sobbing in front of one's girlfriend
10,The movie is so sad. It made me cry
10,I think it's a movie that knows Lee Soonjae's dignity and saw the great potential of a child actor a pot of tears
10,It was better than I expected
10,I think I spent time thinking about my parents and grandparents again and reflecting on myself in the movie. Thank you very much
10,It was a heartwarming movie.
10,I feel sad and I can't explain it I remembered my late grandfather a lot It's a movie that will remain in my mind rather than a recent memory
10,Communicate a situation we don't know
10,I just came back from the movie theater and it was touching and reminded me of my late grandfather There's no difference in love between blood-wooksI respect Lee Soonjae I sincerely hope you stay healthy and stay here for a long time
10,From beginning to end. I cried. I remember my late grandfather and actor Lee Soonjae. The acting is really bigYou're so cool
10,It was really calm and touching
10,It was so nice. Thank you
10,Just looking at the pictures makes me cry and even when I saw the preview. I'm going to watch it today♡
10,A movie that I really enjoyed while being sad
6,There's no difference in the relationship between blood and family
10,I personally really liked this movie
10,I'm so sad. Actor Lee Soonjae is the best actor and baby girl
10,Deokgu was more than I expected because it was touching and gave a lesson  I hope to see such touching movies for a long time. I strongly recommend it
6,It was fun. Soonjae grandfather
10,The tears that I've been holding back all this time fell at the last minute
10,I've never cried this much while watching a movie Look at all of themcrying
10,Just watch it!
10,Everyone is so good at acting...Please watch it
10,Don't look at it once. Look at it twice Look at it three times. Your tears may dry up
10,Lee Soonjae's acting reminded me of my grandfather Maybe that's why I cried my eyes out.I ask for your continued good acting! Thank you!^^
10,GFRIEND cried all day long
10,It's been a while since I watched it well!
10,The sea of tears... How can you be so sad if you cried so hard?
10,Spartha the king of O'KING!
10,It's been years since I found out that tears are salty.
1,Don't make things like this. Phew.
6,Ha-Ppa! Ha-Ppa! Ha-Ppa!
8,Sad and warm Deokgu's story
10,There's really no point for this except for 10 points It was the best movie I've seen lately
10,I can't help but cry. It's amazing
9,I cried a lot. I'm sad that we broke up because of misunderstanding.Since it's a true story...It must have been a hard time...
8,I remembered the memories of my grandmother and grandfather when I vaguely lived with my grandfather and grandmother when I was young. The movie Lee Soon-jae's acting was calm and calm as if he were flowing water
10,My life work... I love you so many fathers who poured their endless love and effort into their lives.crying
10,I'm so sad. Lee Soonjae's grandfather
1,Korean style Shinpa... The score is too high
10,Deokgu and Deokhee are so pretty. I don't know if they're acting or not
10,The movie is sad. I enjoyed it.
10,It was a movie that touched my heart. I've never cried so much after watching a movie!
10,It's just the best! Tears are gathering on my chin
10,It was a movie that was touched by all the actors
10,All I could hear was crying.And so did I.It was great in every way. Thank you for the good movie!!!
9,Deokgu's acting has an indescribable sincerity.I still remember those eyes that screamed at my grandfather (Lee Soonjae)
10,It's a warm and nice movie. The actors are really good.
9,I think it was the first movie I watched until the end without dozing off
10,It was a heartbreaking and warm movie after a long time!
10,I was sad from beginning to end
10,It was a movie that I trusted Lee Soonjae It was a movie that didn't waste money
10,That's nice. You can't keep up with the experience
10,I was so sad at the end crying
10,Lee Soonjae is a great actor
10,It's such a good movie^^ I'm touched.
10,It was so touching and sad. It was so much fun
7,I'm crying because of Sunjae
8,It's fun. Watch it. A really fun guy
10,It's jam-meet. It's lollipcho
10,Awesome. I could only hear the sound of crying in the theater I was watching and I was flustered because I was crying. The babies are so cute and Soonjae is the best!
10,Seven-year-olds and 12-year-olds cried the whole time.
10,I showed you my parents and they like it!
10,I really trust Lee Soonjae...
10,I cried for an hour and a half out of an hour and a half
10,The actors' acting was very good and I was very impressed. It was so sad
10,I haven't cried this much in years Deokgu fighting!
6,My wife cries all the time. Elementary school students come and cry together I heard that you trust Soonjae and watch it. As expected...
10,Lee Soonjae is the best ♡♡♡
10,I watched it with my kid.It's like an animal.^^
10,It's a really touching and good movie. I just watched it^^
10,It's so sad.I like my grandfather.I can relate to this even more
10,It's a movie that keeps ringing softly. It's not a waste of tears.It is a must-see movie.
10,My mentor Lee Soonjae ^^ Watching a movie made me feel so sad and cry.I sincerely hope that this moving movie will be diversified in time so that many audiences can watch it.
10,Why give him 10 points? It's so touching that tears flow down my eyes.It's been a while since I gave you 10 points. I highly recommend it.
10,It reminds me of my fatherThank you for making a warm movie
10,You made a good movie.I'm tearing up while watching it.
10,He acted well. It was fun and touching
10,A movie that will be fun and very sad and memorable
10,I'm tearing up while watching it. Make sure to watch it with your grandparents and children
10,Make sure to watch it! To love life more and not to regret it. Look for ourselves!!!
10,A touching movie that makes me feel heartbroken...!!
10,I think I just cried the whole time I watched the movie.It was a movie that reminded me of my late grandmother.
10,The movie that made me cry from the beginning to the end
10,I feel so overwhelmed.Thank you
10,I went with my girlfriend on April 14th. It was a heartwarming movie that the whole family could watch together. I strongly recommend it!
10,I saw my boyfriend crying when he didn't cry Make sure to watch it
8,A movie that will warm your heart when you watch it with your family
10,The acting and story of actor Lee Soon-jae and child actors are touching. I cried my eyes out.
10,It was a sad movie from beginning to end.Hah!
10,I cried a lot...It's so touching
10,I cried all the time watching the movie.
10,It's the night I miss my grandfather.I cried a lot
10,Watch it with Deokgu's family
10,You're the best!
10,It's so much fun!
10,Lee Soonjae is the best actor. ♡ I got in trouble holding back my tears~♡
10,I watched a movie with my husband crying after a long time. I highly recommend it as a family movie!!!
10,I'm touched. Deokgu ♡
10,I miss my parents I booked it and both of you cried a lot.crying
10,I'm crying so much.
10,I watched it while shedding tears and runny nosecrying
10,Everyone's good at acting I shed a bucket of tearscrying
8,I respect Lee Soonjae's passion for acting
10,This movie is really the best.
6,Can I see my daughter who is 9 years old in elementary school?jQuery224028819178993024885_1523691861293
8,Actor Lee Soonjae acted as a child actor well and cried at the end. It's been a long time since I cried at a movie
10,I cried in front of my girlfriend for the first time.I held it in for five times and cried three more times when I cried You're the best!
10,My mom doesn't stop crying...
10,Our grandfather was seen by actor Lee Soon-jae
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie crying
10,86 out of 91 people cried. a wordless film
10,It was a good movie with love
9,A heart-warming movie...
10,My heart was really touched and I couldn't stop crying because I was raised by my grandmother.
10,I kept crying while watching it. It's not flashy but heartwarming.
10,It's really Jo-O-ta. Really
10,This is the first movie I've almost cried since I got home
10,It's the grandfather version of "Home". I hope Lee Soonjae is healthy and I want to see him acting for a long time
10,Lee Soonjae is so cool and Deokgu is so good at actingcrying
10,The best movie I've seen this year a movie that comes to mind
10,Deokgu cried a lot while watching it ~ Thank you The acting of Lee Soonjae and middle-aged actors is...There's no need for words
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase
9,It's a movie that captures both emotion and fun!
10,It's the best movie of my life movie I really recommend it Make sure to watch it! Don't forget to bring tissue because it's so sad. It's a masterpiece!
10,A movie that makes me want to see my grandfather.The movie made me feel the love of my grandfather.A movie that was not a waste of money.
10,It was the best movie
10,All actors under Soonjae hyung are the best
10,I cried from the beginning to the endcrying
10,The harmony of the passionate performance of Seong-gu beyond Deok-gu and the emotions derived through him is beautiful
1,Why doesn't CGV have Deokgu's movie theater? Why does CGV have Deokgu's movie theater reduced or not? Why doesn't Deokgu show only CJ or big company filmmakers' movies?
10,It was a movie that moved my emotions
10,The high school students who seem to be good at fighting can't get up after the movie and are crying.That's Deokgu.
10,It was sad but very touching
10,You cried so much.He's really good at acting I strongly recommend...
10,Deokgu! It was a good movie.
10,It was so touching I was surprised because the kids acted so well
10,I was moved. I remembered the old memories and felt the same way Thank you for allowing me to watch such a movie
10,I want everyone to see it.
10,A movie that only makes me cry...
10,I think I cried and had a runny nose from the start running
10,It was a really touching movie~Thank you for watching. Thank youActor Lee Soonjae and child actor are the best~It's a beautiful true story that makes me tear up even though I wasn't going to cry~I want to be like Mrs. Jung in the dramaA warm person who knows how to look back on others. The best movie
6,A family movie that touches your heart. That's it
10,I cried because I understood how grandfather and grandson felt.
10,I couldn't stop crying even after the movie was over and I cried while talking about the movie.
2,Lee Soonjae vs Song Hae
9,I enjoyed watching it. I think it's possible because it's Lee Soonjae
10,It's a good movie to watch alone
10,Both my boyfriend and I cried so hard
10,I cried the most crying
10,30 minutes out of 90 minutes. I'd like to express my respect to actor Lee Soon Jae-dae for acting in a way that is not obvious
10,It was so much fun. It was so good that I didn't think it was a waste of money. I cried a lot with my friendcrying
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie I cried throughout the movie.
10,I strongly recommend movies that you can't cut without crying
10,I think only masters of acting are here!I really enjoyed it.
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family.
10,Is Grandpa Lee Soonjae healthy for a long time? Thank you for the great movie
10,A movie that won't let go of my emotions even after it's over.
10,I love you. Thank you
10,What do I need to say?Why am I crying from the first scene?
10,I cried like crazy a must-see movie
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is so good at acting. Child actor Jung Ji Hoon is so good at acting. It was so touching
10,I cried at the endIt's a warm movie that makes me think about the importance of my familyI hope you have a long run
10,A movie that people who cried after watching "Along with the Gods" want to watch. Well-made. Actor Lee Soon-jae and actor Jung Ji-hoon should pay attention to. I was able to feel the emotion beyond generation.
10,It's sad but it's full of love
10,I don't regret it. It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,I had a great time with my child.Mr. Lee Soonjae is so cool!
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie like a movie It's a heartwarming movie! Make sure you watch it ^^!
10,It was a very moving movie.
2,Why is it not shown on CGV?
10,I hope you watch it while you buy a movie that doesn't need words
10,Don't judge based on the score. Just look
10,Actor Lee Soonjae...Thank you for your great acting.
10,A movie that's touching enough to cry for an hour
10,I watched it with two high school seniors.  We were wiping each other's tears without looking at each other while wiping...
10,I cried a lot because my heart was sad and my heart got warmer
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is really... I cried a lot with my younger brother. I think I cried the most this year It was so touching
10,A movie that makes me miss my grandmother and grandfather
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot. I'll keep it in my heart Thank you!
10,It's so touching!!!
10,I'm going to my eyes.It's a movie that makes me sad!
10,Why is the eyes of actor Lee Soonjae crying while watching the movie? I was so moved by the movie.
10,Deokgu and Soonjae's acting is amazing
10,I cried a lot when I remembered my late grandmother.
10,It's a good movie to watch when you want to cry. Deokgu's unexpected ambush
10,Deokgu is so cute~Touched~~~
10,I cried for 40 minutes.
6,It's too high. The rating is... The part where reality naturally melts well is "Finding your mom" about 30 thousand miles. The story is obvious. It's a bit embarrassing to bring a handkerchief because he's so sentimental. Not enough to watch a movie.
10,I really enjoyed itIt's the best movie everMake sure to bring a handkerchief
10,I hope everyone can watch it at least once
10,I watched it with my momIt's so touching. You shed tears
10,I'm going to pack up and visit my grandparents in my hometown tomorrow.
10,He's so good at acting! Top
10,Make sure to watch it. I cried a lot
10,"Can't I be the best grandfather?" A movie that touches your heart
10,Lee Soonjae is a living master actor. I respect you. Stay healthy
10,I cried my heart out.
10,The movie is so touching. It's the best!
10, star
10,I was sad because I could see my heart in every scene.
10,I watched it while sobbing with my mom It touches my heart^^!
7,My name is Kim Deok Gu. I cried a lot at the little boy's emotional expression I was so touched by actor Lee Soonjae and Deokgu. I was so warm
10,Make sure you watch it. You never regret it
10,It's been a while since I watched it while crying. Recommend.
10,It was so touching and Deokhee Deokgu's acting was impressive
10,I'm so touched. I got in trouble for wiping my tears
10,I cried my eyes out. People who lived with my grandfather when they were young can relate. You're the best
10,A movie that is touching movie.I hope you watch it
10,Actor Lee Soonjae. (G)I-DLE's true love
10,It was a touching movie. I had a hard time holding back my tears
10,I really don't leave a lot. Deokgu is the best. I really respect Lee Soonjae
10,A movie that you can't watch with your girlfriend...It's a pity that I couldn't cry at ease.
10,Young Deok-gu's outstanding acting and Lee Soon-jae's acting make me cry.It's all wet.I'm looking forward to a good result for the great acting.
10,Very touching movie ♡ Tears falling down
10,I watched it while crying  Thank you so much
10,Touching movie. But was it so good?
10,It was a movie that made me feel sad
10,It was a heart-warming movie It's been a long time since I had a happy day. :)
10,I cried for an hour a light
10,I like everything from the beginning to the end and my brother cried.
10,I was so impressed by actor Lee Soonjae's acting.I hope you continue to show us more acting!
10,It's really the best! Make sure to watch it!
10,I went to see my wife and came out crying It's a trick to the point where you need 10 points aren't enough
10,A movie that made me cry from beginning to end
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae! I enjoyed the movie.The teacher's acting was the best.I thought it would be nice if elementary school children came to see me with their parents.Always be healthy and happy~♡
10,I cried at the thought of my father alone
10,I'd cry if it wasn't for the movie theater
10,I really respect actor Lee Soonjae!!!
10,It's been a long time since I saw a strong movie. I cried so much that my heart felt refreshed.
10,The story is so sad and reminds me of my grandfather crying
10,The movie that I could look back on the greatness of my family and the people around me. I remembered my late grandmother a lot
8,I miss Yadong Soonjae...
8,I miss Yadong Soonjae...
10,The whole family saw it.Tears and emotions...It's a movie where you can feel the love of family
10,It's the best movie where you can feel the love of your family
10,It's so touching. Thank you
10,I buy wet wipes and watch it
10,It was so touching
10,I hope Lee Soonjae lasts forever
8,I went to watch it with my friend and both my eyes were swollen. It's a movie that makes me cry when I think about it The ending was a bit disappointing
10,It's a good movie that fills your heart
10,Thank you grandfather and grandmother.
10,I really can't watch without tears. It's a heart-breaking movie
10,Thank you for watching a good movie~^^ Thank you★
10,It's as warm as spring and has a cherry blossom scent
10,I don't want any money. I cried a lot.a masterpiece
10,My eyes are so puffy. It's a movie about how much I cried
10,Best movie ever. A movie that's worth your time and money
10,Lee Soonjae and Jung Jihoon. It was a very touching movie ^0^
10,The emotion of the international market and the lyricism of the scissors hand...It is the best Korean movie since the international market
2,a film in which one's acting skills drag on excessively new waves
10,I cried my eyes out because I remembered my grandfather who died last year
10,I cried for the first time in the movie theater.33-year-old father of two children.
10,Tears welled up in the preview made me cry.
10,Jihoon's amazing acting made me cry. A great movie
10,I kept on crying
10,It was a meaningful time.
10,It's like a movie that makes your heart feel numb and warm
10,It was such a sad movie...crying
10,It's a touching movie
10,A touching movie is the best
10,Both my friend and I watched it while weeping.The movie that really touched my heart.
10,I was so touched... The actors were so good at acting and they were so immersed in the immersion
10,I haven't seen it yet. I'm going to watch it! I respect actor Lee Soonjae! Always be healthy!
10,Make sure to watch a movie with sincerity
10,It's a very moving and good movie. I wish it would be more successful. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,I love the distributors and production companies who made a movie that's like a long time ago
10,I think it's really touching~~
10,It's a must-see movie. I can feel each and every character's emotions so well. Watch it I have no regrets
10,Make sure to watch a movie that you have to get 100 points!
10,I'm so touched It's been a while since I criedcrying
10,I cried for a long time because I was raised by my grandfather I really want to recommend this movie
10,I thought I should be nice to my grandfather Lee Soonjae is the best crying
10,It's been a while since I watched a Korean movie with money
9,It's a movie that you can watch with your family
10,The movie theater is crying sea... It was a movie that lingered in my mind.
10,From the first scene to the end...Everyone is acting
10,I cried the whole timeIt's a touching movie
10,It's the best. It's a movie worth 10 points. I sobbed
10,I cried so much...  I enjoyed watching it ^^
8,It's sad... How should I say this?It was a heart-warming movie that made me cry
10,It is really my first time to cry and write like this after watching a Korean movie.
10,It's sad. I recommend you to watch it.
10,I was immersed from beginning to end and cried from beginning to end crying
10,There were scenes that I couldn't forget 3 or 4 times  With tears
10,I hope your heart-wrenching movie will be successful ^^
10,I cried after watching the trailer.
8,a mildly moving film
10,It's all came outcrying
10,I strongly recommend it. It was touching
10,I think I watched a movie that made my heart warmLee Soonjae's acting and (G)I-DLE's acting were all good  I didn't know I was embarrassed and cried my heart out
10,Everyone was crying and sobbing at the movie theaterLOL It was so touching and fun!
8,It was fun and sad. Thank you
8,I wasn't sad just because it was obvious
10,Tears and runny nose all the time I watch movies. My nose is running
10,He's good at acting. He cried
10,Lee Soonjae is an actor of our country. Thank you♡
10,It's a very gloomy movie from the first scene. Thank you for your good acting in the movie.
10,I thought a lot and cried a lot while watching this movie
10,I'm sad. You're so good at acting
10,Thank you. It's a movie that's very touching
10,My face is already covered with tears and runny nose
8,It was heart-warming and touching
10,It was good because it wasn't the end of Deokgu's deathI hope actor Lee Soonjae lives for a long time.
10,Actor Lee Soon-jae's acting skills have made the movie very special.
10,It feels like I watched a movie after a long time
10,It's the best. Not Gonjiam. Look at this
10,I think this kind of movie should dominate the screen I cried so much that my eyes hurt
10,The reason why the reservation rate is low is that the number of theaters is small. There's no movie to watch other than this one.
10,The story is great. Lee Soonjae's acting is amazing.감명 It was so impressive!
10,Deokgu is going to be a hit if you rank high in the likability order! It's so much fun! Thumbs up! Let's go! Unity!
10,I cried my eyes out after the 7th room.
10,It's a masterpiece that you have to see with no makeup on
10,It's not a forced tear-jerking movie. It's been a while since I watched a well-made movie.
7,Should I say it's a common movie? There are so many similar movies. It's a good movie to watch with your family
10,It's going to be crazy if I put on eye makeup
7,A pure film without MSG
10,I cried a lotcrying.
7,I didn't know I'd sniffle when I saw a kid acting.
10,A movie that's not a waste of money.
10,I'm touched.  It's sad that there aren't many theaters...a national film
10,It's so sad. Until the end
10,I've never cried like this in almost five years...
10,It was a touching movie
10,Make sure to watch it
10,Everyone is so good at acting
10,I think it's been a long time since I saw a movie that conveys emotions to the audience.
10,It's my first time rating a movie and I cried until the end of the movie It reminds me of my late grandfatherYou're the best. I'm going to watch it again with my parents
10,It's a touching movie that you might not be able to watch unless it's
10,It was a warm movie Deokgu fighting!
10,It's my life movie.I saw a real man crying next to my friend.I highly recommend it.Crying
9,Deokgu's dialect acting was good and my heart was touched
10,I think I'll cry if I watch the movie that lingers and makes me cry again.
10,I don't know why it's not popular. It's a really fun and touching movie. Make sure you watch it. I don't know why you don't watch it crying
10,Please enlarge the screen Please
10,I love you. It was so touching
10,I think I've never cried this much while watching a movie. ~~
7,I cried while watching it with my boyfriend. It's fun
10,He came out swallowing his tears. It was a heartwarming movie. I could feel the natural flow of the story and the director's directing skills.
10,It's not a waste of moneycrying
10,My boyfriend cried a lot That's how sad it is.
10,Make sure to watch it I'm touched
10,The actors' acting was amazing. It was a touching movie that left a lingering impression. I cried all the time
10,It's the best movie ever I strongly recommend it!
10,I started crying and came out crying. Why am I crying over all the obvious stories? I want to watch it again and cry
10,I was touched! Grandpa Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,I cried a bucket of tears because of Deokhee
10,I fell in love with Lee Soonjae's charms again
10,I fell in love with Lee Soonjae's charms again
10,I can't express it in words
10,It was more than I expected^^
10,There's no need for words It's the best. Make sure to watch it
10,It's fun. It's a subject that's hard not to cry
10,The child actors acted well and watched the movie well!
10,My heart aches when I see it
10,It was a movie that warmed my heartI really enjoyed it
10,It's my first time crying for two hours.You're so good at acting. I'm going to see you holding your grandfather's hand over the weekend
10,It's very funny and touching
10,Good Lee Soonjae. Stay healthy
10,Mr. Soonjae...crying
10,The most concise and resonant movie I've ever seen
10,It was so touching!
10,It's a movie where I cried from beginning to end. It's a movie that doesn't waste money.
10,It's the best. I cried from beginning to end.It's the most expensive movie I've ever seen recently. It's a real ten-point movie Make sure to watch it!
10,It's a sad but heart-warming movie where I cry over the babies' acting
10,Make sure to watch this. I cried after watching the preview and went to watch the movie. It was so sad and fun and meaningfulI watched it while sobbing It became my favorite movie. Please watch it I don't regret it (except that I cried so much that my makeup got erased)
10,The movie that made my heart ache from beginning to end. Lee Soonjae is still cool
10,I thought that's how men cry.I'll have to stick it out like Sunjae said
10,It's a movie that makes me cry
10,I cried from the beginning.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I can't help but hold back tears in this movie.I think I cried a lot at the thought of my late grandfather
10,I watched Gonjiam right after watching this. This is much better
10,I almost suffocated because I had a runny nose
10,It's really Tago. I've never cried this much while watching a movie
10,I'm so sad and sad I remembered my grandfather's death. I cried from the beginning
10,Acting that you can trust and watch! Lee Soonjae!
10,I hope you go to the movie theater and watch it
10,I kept crying. It's a movie that really lingers. You look back at your neighbors.
10,Duck! Save it! It's been a while since I've seen a masterpiece.
10,This is a ridiculous movie It's sad from beginning to end
10,Take away all the tears and runny nose  It's just heartbreaking and warm...It's a good movie
10,A movie that made me cry from beginning to end in my life!As expected of Lee Soonjae teacher
10,I cried so much that my eyes were swollen the next morning.crying
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is the bestcrying
10,Grandpa! I love you!
10,Thank you for making such a movie.
10,It reminds me of my grandfather. He's such a great actor. I cried in 3 minutes. It's the best movie ever
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,My heart is heating up.Teary... I give you a warm round of applauseActor Lee Soonjae! Always be healthy
10,I don't cry while watching it. I just cry.
10,The world is so sad
10,I went in without thinking and came out with a bucket of tears I'm sad. The actors are the best
10,It was a heartwarming movie after a long time. :)
10,A warm and sad movie...
10,I cried a lot when I went with them I buy tickets for my parents again.
10,A movie that warms your heart-warming
10,Everyone who comes out is so good at acting. It's a movie that makes you cry and laugh. Especially Lee Soonjae. I hope you live a long life. I remembered my grandfather a lot when I saw him. Thank you for your wonderful age.
10,I went to see Jojo with my mom. I cried so much that I was embarrassed to come out. I washed my eyes and nose. So I couldn't go anywhere. So good at acting. So good at acting. So good at acting. So good at acting
10,It is a heartbreaking but warm movie.
10,I can't stand it even though I try to
10,Lee Soonjae's acting that can't help but cry...Children's acting... That's amazing!
8,I think it's time to change the negative view of multiculturalism I hope everyone is happy I can see Lee Soonjae's life
10,Actor Lee Soonjae!You're the coolest in the world!I'm always your fan
10,Lee Soonjae's grandfather acting...The kids did a great job and it was so impressive! Do you want a lot of people to watch and watch a lot of movies like this?
10,I'm touched. Grandpa Lee Soonjae and his grandchildren made their acting so real that I cried a lot
10,You're so cool. You're so respectful. You're supposed to be a big tree
10,Lee Soonjae is the best
10,I just keep feeling sadIt lingers in my mind. The movie I cried the most out of all the movies I've ever seen. I felt a lot. Thank you for making this movie
10,Don't forget to bring tissues or handkerchiefs
8,This is also an actor's movie that you can trust and watch
2,It's better to watch a human theater on television. That's too obvious
10,I was emotional from the start to the end
10,I cried from the beginning to the end of my life movie
10,I've never cried watching a movie.
10,It's perfect for emotional stimulation
10,I'm touched by the shoes that I'm touched
10,It was touching. It was a movie that didn't waste money
10,A good movie about family
10,It's sad?? Sad?Life is so bitter?
10,I was sad because it could have happened somewhere
6,It's worth watching. It's calm Just.
10,I was so emotional that I came to the parking lot crying.crying
10,I want to give you 100 points.It was so touching and touching
10,I think Lee Soonjae's acting makes me feel emotional every time I see him It was such a warm movie
10,Please stay healthy and act for a long time
10,I cried like crazy
10,The most touching drama. I was very impressedThanks a lot. Director. Actor
10,Well-made moving movie that I haven't seen in a long time!
10,I cried a lot crying
10,For the first time Just make sure to watch it.
10,The movie is really touching. I highly recommend it.
10,It's a movie where you can feel the love of family
10,I'm going to eat strawberry candy for a while
10,It is a movie that starts with a little bit from the beginning and makes you cry from the middle to the end. I strongly recommend it
10,I highly recommend it as a movie that gives a gentle impression to the whole family. I think family love will come closer.
10,The old man is not deadA warm family movie is the best!
10,Do you use the word "crying" from beginning to end?
10,It's so small. It's really the best ♡♡♡♡
10,I miss my grandparents
10,I've never had a rating in 24 years of my life. It's the best movie. I cried so much that my face hurts I strongly recommend it
10,It's not just touching...I applaud all the actors for their deep emotional acting!
10,I was so sad. I walked home crying thinking that I should do well when my grandfather was thereMake sure to watch it
10,Look at this.I don't think there's a part-time job.
8,It's an obvious but not obvious movie. It's sad to think of my grandparents
10,It's so touching... It's a masterpiece
9,Make sure to take tissues before watching the movie! I didn't know and just saw it and came out with tears in my eyes.Don't forget to bring tissues. Every line was heartbreaking.
10,My heart is moving.
10,I really enjoyed the family movieCrying and laughing...
10,It's a movie that takes all the moisture from my body
10,It's my first time to review a movie It's such a touching and warm movie I want to see it twice. I really recommend it...!
10,I'm leaving a comment for the first time. It's my first time crying while watching a movie
10,Wasn't it a movie in memory of grandfathers who were remembered by everyone?
10,I miss my late grandfather so much.
10,I really respect actor Lee Soonjae
10,The boy's acting is no joke. Make sure you watch it
10,A movie where emotions and pain coexist
10,It's a happy movie :D
10,I was so sad when Deokgu went to visit his mother and said what Lee Soonjae saidI think it'd be nice to watch it with your family
10,I was really giggling when I watched it.This is the movie ♡♡
1,The new drama is real and contrived
10,Why you love your family and the feeling that you have to have a heart-to-heart conversation with each other
10,Real movies. Real acting
10,I didn't cry at all during the present in room 7 but I burst into tears.
10,I really enjoyed actor Lee Soonjae's amazing acting and Deokgu's acting. It's making me cry.
10,I really recommend it. Let's be touched by the great actors' acting.
10,The actors are so good at acting. It's a masterpiece! I hope you watch it
10,It's touching. Thank you
1,New wave movies should no longer appear.
10,I recommend a really good movie I strongly recommend it!
10,My eyes were swollen when I came out.It's a movie that makes me feel good. I want to watch it one more time!
10,The movie that Soon Jae Ong finished
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,I really recommend sadness
10,It was fun. It was touching and cute
10,I hope many people watch it. I really enjoyed it
10,I was able to reflect on Lee Soonjae's acting And Lee Soonjae and other actors' acting wiped my makeup off with tears^^
10,A movie that comes out after crying and laughing. It's a must-see movie if you're someone's child or someone's parents!@
10,Teary... And lingering feelings...
10,It was a really good movie~~
10,The first movie that leaves stars...
10,The kids are so good at acting that they have to take tissues.
10,The best movie of my life. Lee Soonjae is the best
10,It's really the best!^^☆
10,You have to watch this to know why it's perfect
10,I don't have a GPA job here
5,The calm and touching movie is also Lee Soonjae
1,It's a holiday movie. Lee Soonjae's acting skills are amazing
8,Really... Grandpa Lee Soonjae's acting is so cool!
10,I'm happy to see such a great movie
10,Please increase the number of theaters.
8,It was fun because Deokgu came out
10,Tears really come out
10,It's really touching...
10,It's touching and funYou watched it with your friend
10,It's a movie that you can't watch without tears. The child actors' acting is amazing
10,Make sure to watch the best movie ever
10,I'm tearing up from the beginning
7,The kids were so good at acting. I was so touched by Lee Soonjae's actingcrying
10,You're the best. Grandpa Lee Soonjae is so cool
7,I saw it at Gwanggyo Lotte Outlet She's the best for the kids
10,Is it really the best?Grandfather Lee Soonjae and Deokgu are the best
10,Best movie I've seen recently
10,It's the saddest movie I've ever seen
10,Deokgu is the best movie I've seen recently!
10,His warm heart is always praised
9,It's a movie that makes you cry if you follow the emotions instead of directing. It's been a while since I watched it with my heart
10,I cried a lot. It's a movie that doesn't waste of money
10,a touching film that makes one feel his grandfather's heart
10,It's such a touching movie
10,I cry the whole time I watch it. I hope it's a hitThis movie is
8,It's a warm movie. I enjoyed it
10,I want to see it again.
10,^-^ -> T^T -> ^^ Grandpa Deokgu is the best
10,A day I miss my grandfather so much
10,I cry even when I'm not doing anything. Every line is so sad and touching. It's not a waste of money
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae's acting is the best!crying
10,♡ It's so sad. Make sure to watch it!
10,It's a moving and good movie
8,It's good to relieve stress after spilling a bucket
10,This is the movie.  It's the best.  Thank you.  Thank you for making a good movie
10,Lee Soonjae's movie has zero points. There's no movie
10,It's so sad. Lee Soonjae is the best
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's really sad.Make sure you watch it
10,Deok-gu! Deok-hee! There are so many Deok-hee in this world.The movie reminds me of Deok-gu. Grandpa Soon-jae acting. Deok-hee has a lot of things in the world like her mother and her faucet are loosened.Deokgu. I support Grandpa ♡ Deokgu acting best ♡ Grandpa acting best ♡
10,It's making me sad.Thank you so much
10,Lee Soonjae's elementary school and Deokgua's part is touching my heartstrings
10,It's a heartbreaking and warm movie
10,A movie that makes you cry from start to finish. A movie that you trust and watch. A movie that reminds me of my grandfather.
10,I feel like a warm light has penetrated deep into my heart
9,I cried a lot while watching it
10,a poignant movie all the time
10,It was the best. Actor Lee Soonjae
10,A heart-warming movie...
10,It's been a while since I've seen a big movie. I keep getting emotional even on the bus going home.
10,It's a sad movie because it's realistic. It is a sad movie where tears are flowing all the time when I feel empathy
10,It's the best movie of my life. The acting of Lee Soonjae and the child actor touches my heart.I cried throughout the movie.I really recommend movies
10,Touching movie...He's really good at acting
10,I'll give you a rating for the first time. I saw a message that you participated in the movie without much expectation and went to watch it and came out sobbing. It was a movie with calm sadness and emotion from start to finish. More people will watch this movie!
10,I was so sad from beginning to end.crying
10,a moving movie with actors' acting
10,I love it. Thank you
10,I enjoyed the movie.Tears keep coming out like I'm looking at myself when I was young
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae...It's a movie that makes me feel overwhelmed.Thank you.
10,I didn't expect much but it was a masterpiece.
10,I'm so touched. Make sure to watch itDeokgu!
10,It was a movie that reminded me of the meaning of life  It's a family movie that makes me think again
1,an old-fashioned new drama that only works in Korea
10,How can I not cry after watching this?
10,I watched it with my grandmother and it was so much funI'm so touched and I can relate to it! I think I did a good job
10,A movie that makes me want to stop crying.
10,Make sure to take some tissue with you when you watch a movie
10,It was such a warm and nice movieI remember each and every child from the lead to the minor roles
10,I cried my heart out for the first time in a while.A movie that makes me think about my parents a lot.
10,It's been a while since I shed tears
10,I didn't know the movie was ending and I was immersed in itI think the name Lee Soonjae itself is so amazing. It seems like a warm and gentle movie.My heart was touched the whole time I watched it
10,I miss my grandfather.
10,Tears come out of the waterfall without sincerity and willful will But it's a tear that purifies your heart and makes you feel warmI hope the movie will be successful for all the grandfathers who love all the ugly 8 years olds and grandchildren in our country but are not good at expressing themselves
10,There's no need for words It's the best.
10,Lee Soonjae is so cool.
10,It was so touching I didn't force myself to be moved. I was so immersed in the flow that I almost cried Thank you for making a good movie.
5,The story is so cliche!It's like watching a TV drama.It's more fun than Gonjiam.
10,A must-see movie with my parents
10,I was touched the whole time
6,It's like plain soft tofu. Without sweet soy sauce...
10,I cried a lot.It reminds me of my grandfather.Make sure to watch it! My eyes are so swollen.)
10,It's so much fun. Really... a masterpiece
10,Lee Soonjae is the best! I watched a proper family movie after a long time!
10,I was so touched.
10,I went to watch it with a light heart and cried a lot.Make sure to take tissues~Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,Just look. It's not a waste of money.
10,I'm sure it's the best movie of the year. You have to watch it. You have to watch it. You have to watch this movie It's so much fun. It's so touching and fun Make sure to watch it twice. Deokhee is so cute
10,A movie that makes you realize how precious it is
10,It's really sad. You did a great job
10,It reminded me of my grandfather
10,I was amazed by Deokgu's acting
10,I really enjoyed watching it warmly. .
10,I cried. It's been a long time since I cried after watching a Korean movie
10,It's very warm. Teacher Lee Soonjae's acting. Movie. It feels like I met a good movie after a long time
10,I cried too much...I guess I'm getting old
10,I liked it because it wasn't forced tears.It's been a while since I was touched!
1,There's nothing but Soonjae
10,I cried a lot with people in the movie theater from the start. I'm so moved that I can't get rid of my lingering feelings.
10,Best man!! ^^~~jQuery224036189821739729_1522974853505
10,The movie that comes out crying
10,It's the best. I watched it with my parents and children.I feel a lot more^^ Actor Lee Soonjae is the best.
10,I've been squirming the whole time crying
10,Awesome. My friend cried It's sweet
10,I went to watch it late at night and came out crying
10,I thought it wasn't that fun and I cried
10,It's so cool It's very
10,Thank you for being so touched^^
10,Make sure to take tissues I cried from beginning to end.Thank you for your great acting
10,I cried 20 minutes after the movie started. I would have cried a lot if I were alone in the movie theater
10,Tears flow from the beginning of the movie to the end. The handkerchief was wet. It is a movie that many people have seen.
10,Please act for a long time and stay healthy. I enjoyed this movie with a warm heart.
10,A moving movie! It's so sad
10,Make sure to watch Deokgu! I think there should be a lot of movies like this
10,A moving movie that makes you cry...It's the best
10,I should go to see Lee Soonjae if his class is different
10,Review... :??
10,It's fun and it's so sad... It's worth watching
10,It's touching. Actor Lee Soonjae and Deokhee act so well. It's a heartwarming movie Make sure to bring tissues when you watch movies
5,When Lee Soonjae's face cries once.
10,Awesome! Teacher Lee Soonjae... Acting is really the light.It's the first time I'm sobbing because I'm touched by one expression.Make sure to watch this with your familyTake a pack of tissues
10,Lee Soonjae teacher is really an actor...I heard it's no guarantee. How can you be so immersed in acting?It doesn't feel like I'm forcing you to cry
10,weep with emotion at the meaning of a word "it's all right" And we're all a fan of someone.
10,It's so sad. I really enjoyed the movie
10,Thank you teacher Lee Soonjae for being so touched.
2,Forced... It wasn't fun It wasn't even sad.
10,You're so good at acting. Make sure to watch it
10,You can feel it just by looking at the poster
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae and the child actor are so good.  It was a heart-warming movie for the first time in a while
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure you watch it. It's really sad
10,A movie that seems predictable but not obvious ♡ a good movie!
10,Make sure to take a tissue before you enter
10,Standing ovation at the cinema. I cried for the first time
2,Straight One-Two Punch Grokee
10,It's a pretty good movie.
10,It's a movie that anyone can't help but cry while empathizing. The directing was good and Deokhee is so cute
10,The natural acting that reminded me of my late grandfather made me cry.It was heartbreaking to recommend but it was a good movie
10,What do people say when they speak in Gyeongsang-do dialect? Do they eat?
1,I don't want to hear Gyeongsang-do dialect
8,It's a movie with tears and runny nose.
10,I can't stop crying
10,It's touching. I cried a lot after a long time~~
10,I recommend it. It's warm
10,It's touching. I enjoyed it^^
10,I wailed softly It's been a while since I felt this
10,I love the acting of movie actors who make me cry sincerely.This movie made me cry to the point of exhaustion.
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is definitely...Always stay healthy.
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is a masterpiece and love that doesn't need explanation Thank you for your passionate acting  Please show us for a long time
10,Such tears are not a waste of time.
10,An honest and warm movie.
10,What makes our lives light?
5,I don't think it's okay to use dialect
10,It was just nice to see you.
10,I think grandfather Lee Soonjae's arms will be really warm
10,This place is good. It's amazing
10,It's such a touching and fun movie. Lee Soonjae!♡
10,It was just nice to see you.
10,I think grandfather Lee Soonjae's arms will be really warm
10,This place is good. It's amazing
10,It's such a touching and fun movie. Lee Soonjae!♡
10,It was the best movie ever. The music is beautiful and the story is good.
10,It is so touching and sad.
10,It's a perfect movie.
10,There's no need for words. Korea's best melodrama!
10,It's a better work as time goes by
10,My heart achesA lot of our sad stories
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,Classic is classic.
9,I miss perfume from the 70s. I miss the 2000s sentiment...
10,It's touching even when I look at it again. The emotions from that time again
9,I can't forget you. First love.
10,Is the meeting between wisdom and common people a coincidence or a necessity?
10,It is a very sad and touching movie. The actors are so good at acting. Son Yejin is pretty
10,What comes to mind when it rains? It looks like a video clip of colors from 20 years ago. Between the few lines... The music that fills the gap... Top
10,The ending lingers in my mind
10,It's been a while since I saw an old film-like movie. It's so touchingIt was a movie that reminded me of my first love by combining the acting of Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo in the story.
10,The Classic of Korean Melo Films
10,The number one movie of my life that I watch once in a few years. I will watch it again in a few years
10,Son Yejin is so pretty and starts with Nocturne and ends with me and you!
8,Isn't it cheat key to write Kim Kwang Seok's song?
10,a film that reaches the end of a calm and touching moment It's not a common love story
3,The background music that comes out from the beginning to the end of the movie is still ringing in my ears.
10,Why would you just say that?God-Seungwoo
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,the classic of Korean romance The scene of Son Ye-jin running in the rain really made me cry.He acted so well that I could feel the emotions
10,I was more curious about classical music than you quiz. Son Yejin is the best. I'm sad that my son and daughter met. I cried while watching it
10,The best first love movie of my life.
10,Can a movie like this come out again before I die?
5,The sensibility is over-set and classical with the convenience of cliché.
10,It's okay to watch it again
10,A touching and heartbreaking love story!
10,I'm going crazy. It's so much fun. Why am I so sad and crying every time to time
10,A masterpiece that will remain in my heart even if I get older
10,It's a movie that leaves a beautiful impression even with perfect soundtrack
10,I can't get enough of it.
10,It was a movie that left a lingering impression
10,It's always a snatch
10,Ost is the best movie that makes you feel emotional
10,Legendary Korean melodrama
10,It is the best movie. I enjoyed it so much.Everything was perfect!
10,My heart flutters no matter how many times I see it. Son Yejin and Jo Inseong
10,There are only 14 rating participants in this incredible movie. Is this for real?
10,It's really amazing I really enjoyed it.
10,It's really my life movie!It's so charming and touching that it's a classic melodrama.
8,Classic is forever. The faded photo is still shining and brilliant in 2003 and 2022.
10,Sunday evening ends with a heartwarming movie.I'll sleep with excitement.
10,Jun-ha: I could have fooled you.Joohee: Good job. You did a great job.
10,Life's work... Tears well up no matter how many times I watch it.
10,a moving film reminiscent of old memories
8,I feel like I'm meeting someone I have to meet somehowCho Seungwoo's acting is the best. Clyde and Maru. It reminds me of the brand from that time
10,It's the best movie ever^-^
10,The OST is the best and my song is touching
10,God dam masterpiece... go mad
10,I just saw it. It's a crazy movie
10,Re-release is urgent!
10,It's so much fun! Really!
10,All I can think of is the word perfect
10,There must be fateWe'll be able to meet again
10,A love that transcends the times.
10,It's a movie that's still.
10,It's a good movie to watch again when I'm old.
10,a masterpiece among masterpiecesI'm always excited
10,You're the best even if you watch it 10 times. The OST is really...
10,The movie is a classic portrayal of the theme of mournful love. I can feel warm but sad and sad emotions.
10,The OST is so good. It's a touching masterpiece
10,Today... I cried while watching it.Son Yejin is so beautiful...
10,It's exciting and touching every time and time again. My masterpiece...♡♡♡
10,I'm always touched
10,It's a legendary Korean romance movie
10,Sigh... I miss those days so much...
10,It's so touching. I want to see it again
10,It's new to watch your favorite movies
10,The movie of my life that I can't get enough of
10,A movie that you want to introduce to someone precious
10,see the film for the first time in one's late twentiesWill love come to me again?
1,I've never seen such a boring movie.
6,a sunset-like watercolor painting
10,It's the biggest piece of my life
10,A movie that makes you feel like you're in love
10,That's tacky. All right! Let's say it's classic!
10,Thank you for the touching movie
10,I cried. It was so much fun.
10,Classical music is definitely... The actors' appearance and fresh acting fit the story of the movie very well. It's a movie that makes you keep bringing out both directing and OST. :)
10,What is it? I like sad things
10,What's with the necklace?crying
10,But I'm happy to see this movie even now.  I'm 44 years old and I still can't get out of the movie. Movie of my life ^^
10,This is the best movie of my life. I love this movie
10,A masterpiece that touches my heart
10,I just watched this movie
10,I hope it goes up in the charts on Netflix.A Korean movie that I want to show off to people all over the world.
10,It's always a masterpiece. Will I be able to love this pure love?
10,The emotional line was so good from start to finish.A work that can be re-released is worth re-released.It's Cho Seung Woo and Son Ye Jin's life work.
10,I don't know why I just found outIt's so touching.
10,I like all the directing and acting stories
10,It's sad. It's touching
10,Classic is foreverI haven't seen my husband in yearsin tears
10,It's perfect without words.
10,A movie that makes my heart pound every time I see it
10,I'd say it's my favorite movie
10,I don't think a masterpiece like Claxic will come out for another 50 years.
10,The movie I watched in my 20s... Even when I'm in my 40s...A movie that reminds me of my first love that I loved back then
10,The movie that lingers every time I see it...
10,It's at least the best melodrama in the country
10,It's one of the top 10 touching Korean movies
10,A nostalgic memory...I miss the nostalgia of those days so much.Why am I so sad just listening to music?
10,The movie of my life... It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I watch it
10,The definition of Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting
10,A movie that leaves a strong impression
10,It's touching and fun. Thank you for watching this kind of movie even now
10,The movie of my life
10,I thought it was romantic and cried crying
10,I can't say anything without cursing It's so touching
10,It's so sentimental and touching Thank you for the beautiful masterpiece
10,It's touching even when I watch it again. My favorite movie.
10,I cried when Junha and Joohee were reunited after the war.Classic is a masterpiece!
10,Everything was good. It's beautiful.
10,More and more valuable beautiful movies as time goes by
10,It's a good movie even if you watch it again after a long time ago
10,It was so touching that I cried automatically
10,A movie that lingers for a long time. Will a movie like this?
10,I watched it belatedly. The long running time isn't boring. It's the best masterpiece
10,The most memorable movie I've seen in 50 years is Classic. There's no such pure and beautiful love movie these days^^ A movie that makes you feel like you've seen two movies.I watched it with the youngest member in the 9th grade and my son was moved by it'the pinnacle of the first love movieCho In-sung and Son Ye-jin's fluttering love vs. Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's love at first sight. Both are good. I told you that love was not love that hurt you or too much.  be indifferent to each otherI'll tell my grandchildren to watch it!
10,"Classic" is the best movie in my life. a heart-warming movie
10,It's a great movie. Everything is perfect
10,It's so touching even now. It's so nice
10,A masterpiece... Acknowledged...
10,Are you crazy? This is 10 points
10,I watched a real movie after a long time.
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression
10,The harmony between the late Kim Kwang-seok's song and the movie "Classic" is beyond words
1,It's too loose. I recommend it to people with insomnia.
10,If you haven't seen this yet... Make sure to watch it. For sure.
10,Love appears by chance and is formed by fate
10,It made my heart cry at dawn.
10,It's so nice. I saw it as a school performance test
10,This is a movie. a once-in-a-lifetime trick
10,Good. It's a touching movie
10,I'm crying. I can't see my tears
10,Crazy super touching romance
10,It's a masterpiece. There will be a long way to go...Son Yejin is pretty
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin were so pretty. Cho Seung Woo in front of the street lamp was the best.
10,A masterpiece that will remain in time
10,The best Korean movie...
10,Such a beautiful melodrama
10,It's been a while since I was moved and cried. Thank you.
10,Touching. Everything is perfect
10,I cried so much that I got in trouble
10,It's well-made
10,Son Yejin's acting as "Princess Byung-Style" is no match
10,A movie that I watched again with my daughter.
10,I think it's one of Korea's masterpieces
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,Now I'm a fool.
4,The acting is so hard to watch...I agree with Cho Seungwoo
10,The best scene is Seungwoo's street lamp scene
10,I think it's the best move among Korean movies and movies that make you feel good just by watching movies.
10,a masterpiece of every description
10,It's the best. I'm touched even when I look at it again
10,It's so touching to see it again after a while...The movie of my life movie!The classic OST acting is perfect
10,The reunion scene is really calm
10,I was so touched after watching the movie. It's my life movie crying
10,I'm touched. Oh Junha ♡ Sung Joohee
10,Cliché Cliché and Cliché are perfect too.
10,There's no stopping a relationship.I was sad while I was watching.
10,It's always the best work.
10,Nice and beautiful love story. Love that comes true in the next generation
10,It's so sad.The song is crazy. Cho Seung Woo's acting...
10,It's just my favorite movie
10,A movie that makes me cry no matter how many times I watch it
10,A movie that you want to watch again with great acting skills
1,I can't watch it because it's cringe-worthy.The sentiment of the two eight years
10,There is no need for words. the best movie
10,It's a movie where everything is perfect
10,A movie that brings back memories of a faint first love.The modern version of "Downpour". I miss the pure excitement.
10,It's so sad. There's no other movie like this
10,It's the most touching moment
8,Junha... Is love a joke?
10,It's the best... I can't put it into words
10,First place out of all the movies I've ever seen
8,a great past
10,A movie that I really enjoyed. I can't get enough of watching it again and again. The fresh and exciting performances of the actors are also excellent. A must-see movie!
10,It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression on my mind even after many years. It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression to think about what love is.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece. It's an exciting and heartbreaking movie
10,The movie that made me cry five times after watching it five times
10,2021 is the best...
10,I watched a moving movie after a long timeIt's lingering
10,It is really one of the best movies.
10,The movie that came out when I was 10 years old. I watched it for the first time when I was 28. OOO is not tacky at all and is too classic.
10,Yejin is pretty even when she cries. Delispice Confession OST makes you feel sentimental.
10,I wanted to watch it from a long time agoI should've seen it
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,a specimen of Korean romance
10,I can't believe I've seen a masterpiece now.
10,Classic that I've only heard of. I saw it for the first time recently and it was really touchingI had a happy and sad day
10,Why did I watch it now? It's a masterpiece
10,I love old movies
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,I'm touched even when I see you again after 10 years
10,It's so touching  My favorite movie
10,Why have I never been in such a relationship before?
9,The only movie I remember when I don't watch romantic movies.Video me OST is perfect. I think it's director Kwak Jae-yong's representative work.
10,It's sadder when I see it again.
10,I feel the memories of my first love in my heart.
10,The best movie of my life. I can't get enough of it.
10,It felt like my heart was closing. Thank you so much
10,It reminds me of my teenage years and my twenties when I think of someone I love Thank you. Classic
10,I saw it again after a long time. Such a beautiful movie.
10,My favorite movie...A must-see movie before you die
10,It's so much fun. It doesn't feel like 20 years ago
10,I saw it again and it's really detailed. It's a masterpiece
10,I hope you remastered 4k and re-released it.
10,I finally got to see him todayIt's been a while since I've seen a movieLet's see how long it's been since I cried after the movie "Love Letter"~♡♡
10,Son Yejin was so pretty that I was mesmerized
10,Will I be able to erase all the words that I couldn't say?
10,"I'm the only one who gets rained on when I have an umbrella"
8,I think I've seen it more than ten times. the best movie
10,I saw it for the first time today That's cool
10,The OST is the best...
10,I'm in my 40s. I see you often. I can't help but laugh and cry every time to timeThe best movie of my life. I'm watching it again today
10,The scene of Cho Seung-woo and OST running to meet Son Ye-jin panting under the street lamp is the best scene that will never be forgotten
10,It's my life movie.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I saw it now.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I saw it now.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I saw it now.
10,I think it still lingers. I should watch it with my son later
10,a film that will remain a classic forever
10,You can say it's a work of your life.
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,My life movie! I'm touched no matter how many times I watch it
10,2000s sentiment is good... Son Yejin is so pretty
10,a movie with nothing to throw away
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,The tears that I held back in the world that was hard to live in are all spilled here and I'm leaving.   Thank you.  Thank you for letting me watch a movie.
10,The movie of my life movie. Fatal love is like a stream of water for each other. It's a movie that makes you feel like you're finally meeting each other.
10,It's a masterpiece with all three beats of OST
10,I watched it in June 2021 and it was fun
10,My favorite movie... I cried a lot
10,It's the best moving movie
10,It leaves a lot of lingering feelings
10,The only movie that the past can be now
10,It's the best Korean melodrama. I can't forget the touching moment I first saw it
10,I just held on.Why did I watch it now... Really... Wow...
10,It's so sentimental. It's the best movie I can watch it now
10,A legendary movie with 100 points
10,I think this movie is the standard of Korean melodrama I don't need American high-teen
5,I dream of pure love again.
10,Really... Son Yejin is so famous...
10,The best Korean melodrama. Son Yejin is the best!
10,It's the best.
10,It's just the best... It's a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece. It's so romantic
10,It's a movie that touches the heart of a 23-year-old who hasn't experienced it
10,Romantic pure love for only one person
7,Cho Seungwoo is so cool It's a shame
10,I get so excited whenever a song about riding a bicycle comes out and Junha's acting is so sad
10,I sobbed while watching it --T
10,I watched the re-release.An opera full of emotions and joyCan we meet again on the big screen?
10,A romance movie that you can't get enough of
10,It's a masterpiece from the 2000s that really enjoyed Son Yejin's golden days
10,It's really fun and Son Yejin is so pretty
10,Actor Cho Seungwoo's acting skills are perfect in everything crying
10,I can't forget Junha when the street lamp lights up
10,The emotions that I felt at first got stronger I guess it's changed with age It was so goodI cried my eyes out
10,It's just an exclamation
10,It is a beautiful movie.A movie that won't exist again
10,I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now.That's the best
10,It really lingers. There's a reason for a masterpiece.
10,A movie that touches the heart and gently pushes in
10,The best... Really the best...
10,I recommend the movie of my life.
10,A movie to remember for the rest of your life. Good
10,It's still the best movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life. Will there be a romance movie instead of this one?
10,It's a masterpiece!
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It was a shame.
10,I think ratings tell the whole story. I compliment myself for watching this movie
10,It's just a movie of my life. Everything's perfect
10,Will a movie like this come out again?
10,Cho Seungwoo is so fresh that he became a fresh apple
10,I cried the whole time
10,I didn't know what to say. I lost track of time.Movies that come to mind on rainy days like today.
10,It's a masterpiece that touches you and makes you cry.   I think we'll see each other again next time
4,A movie that copies the legend of autumn. To those who wonder why the movie is so long...
10,One of the best movies of all time movies! the best movie in the country
10,It was truly moving. Recommend.
10,It's the best... It's so touching
10,It's already my 10th time watching a movie. I'm touched every time I watch it
10,I don't think this kind of movie will come out these days I'm so touched
8,I thought that the title of classical music really suits the movie.
10,I liked all the movies and music videos that remind me of my first love.Tears well up in my eyes thinking about the past
10,It's fun even if you watch it in 2021!
10,The best masterpiece of my life that I still look for often
10,That's the standard of authentic melodrama. ^^ Thank you
10,My favorite movie that makes me cry every time I watch it
10,It's been a while since I watched it and it's so much fun
10,There is no need for words. Just look
10,A movie that hurts every time I see it and I can't help but love it
10,It's a movie that makes you feel good
10,It's really my life... It lingers for a long time
10,It really lingers in my mind.
10,The best movie of my life.I don't think I'll ever see a movie like this again.
10,Pure love is touching.
10,I can't focus on romantic movies. I really enjoyed itI think it's going to be a movie that I want to watch every year after year
9,Classic itself. It's so good even now
10,timeless sensibility
10,A Korean sentimental movie. A movie that brings back old memories. Missing you. I guess I'm old now.
10,The best movie of my life... The movie I watched when I was in high school
10,Watching the replay several times over a few years reminds me of my dim adolescence and makes me cry. One of my favorite movies
10,I don't need to say anything about my life. The OST is perfect
10,I watch it about 20 times and it's a masterpieceWhen will I watch a movie like this...
10,The 2003 movie... There's not a single point for this. Especially for "I guess"... I definitely did one or three parts. Three
10,Will there be another sentimental movie like this in the future?
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen at dawn.
10,My favorite movie is always touching
10,It was so much fun! My favorite movie of my life
10,I think it's the best melodrama.
10,I shouldn't have just looked for the necklace
10,My heart aches strangely just by looking at Son Ye-jin's face.
10,I watched it twice and cried twice
9,12.12.16 No one will cry while watching this.
10,It's one of the movies of my life.  Real murderous acting skills and engrossing stories and sadness.
9,I watched it too late. I should've watched it sooner
10,I watched the movie I watched in college with my 12-year-old son again. Thank you for the sad but beautiful movie.'
10,It's just my favorite movie.crying
10,I happened to see this movie on Netflix and it is the movie that I cried the most in my life.It was such a good movie?
10,The best melodrama... Top
10,Painful love and pure feelings
10,I watched it for the first time in 2021. I want to live in that era
10,A movie that's always good to watch
10,Tears of emotion...Beautiful and pure love and friendship flutters... I'm so touched
10,A movie that I watched while crying because I don't like romance movies
10,Seungwoo is the cutest^^
10,A movie that I watch with a fan on when the sun sets in July
2,The production is really good. But the trite childishness of the time was a little too much.
10,It is a lyrical and beautiful movie of my life that I want to see again and again.
10,A movie that still makes me cry
10,Life movie. I don't need to say anything else
10,Yejin that I liked back thenIt's so lovely
10,The best movie ever!
10,I miss being this innocent
10,Everything is perfect.
10,Their love made even the hearts of the beholder mournful. It's a very painful love story of people who love and love.
10,It's my first movie review.I feel like I've traveled through time for a while to feel the pure emotions of my first love and the moments that I can't go back and feel again. Thank you.
10,The best movie of my life movie.The video and the main character are all beautiful. I just saw them and I miss them again
10,Thank you so much to me for watching this movie by chance :)
10,The release date was January 2003. It was when I was a senior in high school.If I had seen this then...
10,The release date was January 2003. It was when I was a senior in high school.If I had seen this then...
10,It's a masterpiece. Son Yejin's unchanging beauty is the most impressive. I think it'll last for a long time.
10,I hope it's re-released in theaters
10,I'm a 17-year-old high school student in 2021. I miss this atmosphere and the times I've never felt
10,The best movie...
10,The best movie ever! It's so fun even after watching it many times.
10,I understand why people play classical music.
10,Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's acting is legendary
10,I didn't know that background music was this important. It seems to increase the completeness of the movie by 200%.
10,It's fun. Son Yejin's voice. Her face is so pretty
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,The movie that made me watch Cho Seungwoo again
10,The film became a classic
9,It's the essence of Korean romance
10,In 2003. It was the first movie I watched with my first love. A beautiful and sad movie that I will never forget
10,The movie that lingers for a long time
10,The best melodrama where you can feel the sorrowful and loving first love!
10,It's the greatest work of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life. I've never seen a movie that lingers this long
10,Cho Seung Woo is so good at acting!
10,It was not love that hurt so much.
10,The movie that made me cry because I hated romance
10,I love this masterpiece It's good to see it now
10,My favorite movie. It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Top 5 Korean movies
10,The classic scenes are so beautiful.I love the OST. It's a beautiful movie no matter how many times I watch it^^
10,Everything's a perfectly good movie.
10,I love movies and music that make my heart flutter even after 10 or 15 years
10,A movie that doesn't deserve 10 stars. A really beautiful movie
10,Textbook for Korean Movie Melo
10,I can feel the unadorned love from the rough development.  I'm going to take it out next time
10,It's even more touching to see you when you're 50
10,Why wasn't this movie a hit?One more movie of my life has been added!
10,It's fun to watch it 10 times
10,A classic that's always touching
10,It's so much fun even now.Son Yejin is pretty then and now.
10,I've watched it 20 times more. It's a masterpiece of Korean movies that is not enough to express emotions
10,One of my life's works.
10,It is by far the best melodrama.
10,It's a movie of my life that I don't get tired of watching and want to keep watching.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes my dry emotions fluctuate all the time
10,It's been a while since I watched my favorite movie at school. It's more fun
10,I don't need words... the best...
10,Cho Seungwoo is really good at acting
10,It's the best. the best five
10,Just look at the young ones. There is no movie beyond this movie yet
10,This movie reminds me of the memories of 2003 when the movie was released.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you cry even if you follow Cho Seung-woo's film. You were perfect in 24 years. Respect!
10,Top
10,Do you still have this kind of love?It is a love story that is so famous for its background music and representative work that brings back the purest emotions of the time from the 60s to the 80s
10,It's so touching to watch it againcrying
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in my life♡
10,The movie is amazing
10,That's the best. I've seen you 10 times in 30 years
9,a movie that is sure to be a masterpiece
10,It's a movie that's touching and lovely no matter how many years you watch it
10,Son Ye-jin is beautiful and pretty.
10,1234566789 The movie that I happened to see in the movie theater when I was in college.I think I've seen it dozens of times.I am always touched.
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting skills are amazing!Son Yejin was so pretty.The music is so good!
10,Seeing Ji-hye running knowing that Sang-min likes her makes me happy.
10,It leaves a lot of lingering feelings.It's a movie that I'll never have a rival in the future.
10,At least there's no Korean melodrama like this! I strongly recommend it!
10,It's just a perfect movie.♥♥
10,The best romance movie of my life. I don't get tired of it
10,There's no need to say I was really impressed.
10,Is there a movie this pure?
7,I was moved and it wasn't fun.--
10,There's no need for words. Really...
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin from those days make my heart cry
10,What a great movie!
10,I think of Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin more than Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin. I think it'll be Seolrae and fresh every time I see it
10,The Eternal Classic of Korean Cinema! Can a movie like this come out again?
4,I don't know why the rating is so high. Too far-fetched storytelling and clumsy acting.Son Yejin's looks are nothing to look at all
10,It's an emotion that I can't express in words. It's a beautiful piece that I want to keep for a long time
1,I just watched it and slept
10,Tears welled up. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's great acting was the best. Thank you for the fresh Jo In-sung. It's a great movie.I hope you watch it.
10,The movie that I watched after 17 years. I wish I could watch it with her.It's a movie that makes you think a lot about the past and it's really fun. I hope it'll be remade
7,My daughter's connecting for my mother
9,Classic is something that comes to mind over time
7,an innocent classic
10,Lots of mise-en-scene and directing equipment. And the OST that melts into every scene. It's the ultimate romance movie in Korea
10,Just... Son Yejin. The end
10,It's so touching...
10,Why did I finally see this masterpiece?
10,You can't beat classical music even if you play other romance movies in your lifetime. I cried my nose out.
10,I'm so touched when I can't believe it. It's Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's heartbreaking love.I love the OST too
10,The best movie about my first love!
10,It's a great movie.A movie that you never get tired of...
10,Cho Seungwoo's lovely eyes and Son Yejin's eyes with the universe
10,The sensibility of the best melodramatic movie of my life is unrivaled
10,The greatest masterpiece of all time
10,It's a famous painting that shows the pure and innocent emotions of young men and women in the movie "The Times that are good to watch again!
10,It's become the best movie of my life that I've seen again
10,They're just asking if Son Yejin is John.I'm just kidding. Awesome
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently.
10,I watched a movie over 10 years ago today. It's so pure love that I'm so sad. I think it's a masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch it again after 17 years.
10,It was perfect until the end
10,I love this kind of sentiment. It's fun to watch it again
10,It's a movie that makes you feel so pretty and pure
10,It's a masterpiece movie that you watch when you're about to forget
10,It's the best movie. The standard of first love
10,I'm so touched! I can't get enough of it even if I watch it three times.Son Yejin's beauty is crazy and Cho Seungwoo is so cute.Not to mention their acting. The background music is so artistic
1,Something different from what I think about than me
10,How much I cried the whole time...It's sadder to see it again after 15 years.
10,I'm here to get the owner of the umbrella.It's a movie that makes me cry at dawn and want to watch it with my half.
9,It's a movie that makes you sad and affectionate with little touch
10,What movie do you want to watch 10 years from now?
10,I think more than half of Son Yejin's cast
10,A movie that will never be forgotten.
10,A movie that I want to love
9,There's a slight difference between tacky and classic
10,2020 09 22 No Korean romance movie has been released yet.
10,It is a masterpiece of a masterpiece that will remain in the Korean romance film industry forever. Will there be a romance movie with first love that will win this movie?
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Son at this time is called "Legis" but Jo In Seong is "R"... That's so cool.
10,It expressed the Korean sensibility of the time too well.
10,I enjoyed watching it
10,It's the best. See you in 2020Hwang Si-mok test is like a story from the past. I was more immersed in it
10,The task of the 21st century is to produce a work that surpasses this work.
10,There's no need for words Everything is perfect
10,It was the best scene for 2 hours.
10,It's a movie that makes you cry from the beginning
10,a film masterpiece that will be remembered
10,Cho Seungwoo's emotional acting is beyond words I was laughing with him when he made Son Ye-jin laugh
10,Night where I miss Junha who loves Joohee
9,The best scene is a movie that you can't get tired of even if you watch it again and again
10,Why did I see this today?
10,It's good to watch your favorite movie again
10,I think this movie is the best melodrama in the Korean movie industry
10,Son Yejin is one of the top 5 Korean movies. She is so pretty.
10,One of my favorite movies
10,It's really the best. Best movie of my life. I'm not going to see any movies like this.
10,It's a movie that captures your first love well enough to make you feel nauseous.It's a movie that touches my heart even after 10 years and 20 years.
10,Will a movie that fits this well come out in Korea again?The inevitable love story that I thought was a coincidence
10,I cry every time I see it. I love it I feel like I lived in those days. I don't think I'll ever see a movie this big again
6,It would have been nice if Jo In Seong didn't take out his necklace at the end
10,Literally classic. Perfect movie
10,Thank you.
10,Korean novels have showers and Korean movies have classical music.
9,I was surrounded by good feelings the whole time I watched
9,Cho Seungwoo's acting skills are really...
10,My heart aches. To the point of believing that fate really exists.
10,I think it's the best movie
1,I'll watch it without Ost and Son Yejin. Get on my back! I'm so bored!
9,It's just fun... A masterpiece... A movie that has a great vibe and video quality from an old movie
10,It just can't be better
9,It's love to send my hand away because I'm ashamed of it.
10,It started with Cho Seungwoo and ended with Cho Seungwoo.
10,Who became a fan after watching "Secret Forest" and came to see it because of Cho Seungwoo?
10,Crazy. The best romance of my life
10,I was so touched by the movie. It was my type!
10,Why do I cry so much after the movie? I don't know...
10,My favorite movie is a movie that makes my heart explode. I want to love with this kind of excitement.
10,Class is forever :) It's so nice to see you again today
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even after watching it 10 times. The most touching movie. a Korean narrative The best movie of my life with a perfect story and actors.Thank you for the good movie.
10,It's a movie that makes your heart clean and fresh
10,10 points... 10 points!
10,The prettiest romance movie I've ever seen
10,I just saw this movie now...
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it
10,You did a great job watching without knowing anything. Tears and runny nose
10,A sad but pretty movie.a movie that won't stop crying
10,I just like it inexplicably
10,I'm going to watch it. I was thinking about watching it. I watched it this time and it was so impressive. I think I know why it's called the best movie of my life
10,I'm waiting for the re-release the best movie
9,It's the best movie with an audience of 150 thousand!It should be at least 1.5 million
10,It's a movie that's so touching even after time passes!The story is fresh and nice
10,It's 2020. There is still no movie to catch up with classical music
10,I've never seen a movie so lingering. Why did I watch it now?
10,It's a movie that makes me feel like I'm the winner in 2020
10,It's so touching to watch it again
10,It's definitely the best
10,It's one of the top five movies in Korea. It lingered for a long time The song is good and the atmosphere is good. ♡ Movies like this are precious these days
10,Good. A fresh and pure love movie.
10,It's a masterpiece many times.
10,It's a movie that makes me cry and moved no matter how many times I watch it again
10,Son Yejin is pretty
5,It's just an old romance.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Son Yejin's acting was amazing At that age
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I watch it...
10,The OST is good and the story is really great
10,I can't get enough of my favorite movies
6,You're forcing yourself to cry.I think a seven-point rating would be appropriate. It's not her bizarre natural development...
10,Son Yejin's prime time is irreplaceable.Representative of Analog Emotional Films
10,A movie you must watch before you die.
9,A movie that reminds me of a rainy day.
10,Why did I watch this movie now? I cried the most out of all the movies I've ever seen.
9,The before and after process of Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin running in the rain is a real famous scene.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,A movie that makes me cry every time I see it.
9,It's such a beautiful and lingering movie.  I think it's definitely number one in a romantic movie
10,Son Ye-jin's romantic acting is overwhelming.
10,It's a sad but pretty movie
10,I cried a lot when I watched the movie that I wanted to watch two or three times
10,Son Yejin is the prettiest Korean movie in the world
10,Son Yejin is so pretty and good at acting
10,You're really the best. Classic...
10,It's touching and beautiful. I wonder if I can watch such a good movie again
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,My heart was warm the whole time I watched it It was a heart-warming movie
9,A heartwarming and warm movie. Haha
10,It was the best movie ever.I hope that Korean movies will be released more than commercial ones
10,A movie that conveys the emotions of those days
10,I got goosebumps when Seungwoo turned on the street lights. ♡♡♡
10,What do you need to say? Even the tackiness of the past seems to be a directing.
10,Let's watch "Masterpiece of Life" again today
1,It's a series of forced movies. It's a forced story. It's a forced touching movie. It's more touching when you yawn.
10,The best movie I've ever seen in the military
10,the greatest hit in Korean melodrama history
10,a heartbreaking love story
10,Now I've seen this masterpiece.The stories of those days that were so pure make my heart numb
10,It's so much fun
10,A movie that's always exciting and sad
10,Why did I watch that movie now? It's a great movie
10,I think of you.
10,I'm 22. Why did I watch it now? It's different from the movies that come out now
10,No need to say... Life movie
10,Ah... It's so sad. I want to have a love like that It's been a while since I watched a great movie
10,The greatest Korean melodrama ever! It's a beautiful movie even when I watch it again
10,A movie that makes my heart flutter
10,I don't need words. The best movie
10,There's no melodrama that can beat this yet.
10,Wow... The double track is crazy...
10,It's an emotional romance movie that you watch when you want to heal.
10,My favorite romance movie
10,Why does it make me cry every time I see it?It's because everyone acts so well
10,The actors' acting and music stories are all perfect I cried my eyes out why I watched this movie now.Movie that I want to watch again...
10,Romance that I think is the best
10,I can't forget the shock I saw for the first time
10,I got goosebumps. I cried while watching this. COVID-19 is going to win
10,This is what a movie is... It's a masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,I hope I can love someone like this
10,It's pointless for me to give stars because everything was perfect.
10,May you remember one beautiful day and remain like a picture.
10,It's so touching and sad. It's a masterpiecea masterpiece
10,Watching the movie I watched when I was young reminds me of the past and it's funYejin is the best
10,A movie that is sad and beautiful even if you watch it 10 times
10,Let me just say one thing. Just watch it
10,It's always sad and sentimental
10,It did its part just by capturing the youth of these tall young actors.
10,It's my favorite movie of my life. I'm still tearing up with the BGM...
10,Son Ye-jin finished her work on Korean films with this movie
10,A movie that makes you cry just by listening to the OST
10,It's a movie like a shower.
10,The movie of my life movie. A movie that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,Why can't I make a movie like this these days? It is no exaggeration to say that Son Ye-jin's acting and OST are all about the movie. Let's stop making the same movies and make movies like this.
10,The best Ost and actors... Scenes in the rain are the best...!
1,This movie has a higher rating than Interstellar???
10,Those born in 2002 cried when they saw it in 2020
10,It's a legendary movie even now
10,It reminds me of wise private life drama again. I saw it again
10,It's a perfect movie without missing anything.
10,I watched it again today.It's been 17 years.I'm 37 years old.It's already been this long.I don't think it's been that long.
10,I will love Son Yejin forever.
10,It's very fun. I'm sure you'll think of course.
5,Jo In-sung's acting is the only stain
10,How grateful I am to be moved by this cheesy film.
10,It's the best. It'll be the best in 100 years.
10,Train scene... When we meet at cafe...It's a touching movie. It's good to see it
10,A good movie to watch with my mom
10,It's so heartbreaking.
10,Why did I see this now?
10,You walked into my daily life and gave me something special
10,It's a movie that lingers in my mind even when I watch it again. The movie that made me know Son Yejin is pretty and Cho Seungwoo
10,I think it is the best love movie.What's even more shocking is that the comic elements in this movie are really more than comic
10,It's a masterpiece that I want to show my child's child's child when he learns about love I dare to say that it is the best movie in Korea.
10,A movie that defined the feeling of what love is in my life
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's the best.
10,It's a movie that's fun and exciting. The best melodramatic movie in Korea!Son Yejin's acting is so good!
10,A movie that reminds me of a crush I had when I was young.
10,I've never seen a movie that lingers this much in my life
10,The movie that leaves a rating for the first time is that much fun
10,I'm 31 years old. Why did I not see this until 17 years later? I'm getting a fresh feeling that I forgot
9,If the OST came out... So much fun!
10,I'm crying even when I see you after a long time.
10,I can't get tired of watching the best movie. I'm amazed by her beauty
10,A masterpiece that will come out in 2020.
10,It warms my heart no matter how many times I see it
10,Even the music in the movie is perfect
8,A movie to bring out like an old diary
10,There's no need for words. It's the best movie that makes my heart pure. It's the best no matter how many times I see it.
10,How dare I evaluate... I'm regretting what I did in the past and why I only saw this masterpiece now...
10,Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap clap clap clap clap!
1,Why are you sitting around marrying someone else and having kids?
10,It's so much fun
10,It's the best... everything's perfect
10,It's a masterpiece.It's touching even when I'm touched
10,Touching story!.
10,The saddest and most romantic movie in Korea
10,needless words the greatest masterpiece
10,It's fun even now. I got goosebumps that Seungwoo acted like that at that age. Son Yejin is so pretty
10,This is a masterpiece... I'm crying
10,Goddess Son Yejin is the best!
10,They make this kind of movie
2,Two-legged people can't cheat blood
10,Those days that I can't express in words...
10,It's beautiful. The feeling of love rises like a spring in the heart. I can't believe I've finally come across this masterpiece.
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now?
10,the most exciting and heartbreaking movie ever
10,Arin's love story
10,Eating Jim cup ramen crying..--T
1,Not fun to chase
10,What happened in 2013?
10,There is no need for words.Make sure to watch it
10,I just like it... The atmosphere is so good.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's been a while since I've seen the best movie actors in my life and they're so handsome and pretty and handsome
1,The opening B-level sentiment... Just to see Son Yejin's face
10,A movie that everyone should watch at least once...Masterpiece of the...
10,A movie that I really enjoyed.
10,Such pure and pretty love that can't come out these days. The best romance of my life. Son Yejin is crazy pretty
10,I can't believe I'm watching this now. It's a great movie
8,It's so sad and the atmosphere is so good.
10,I thought I was going crazy because of Tae-soo.
10,I'm sure you're all living with love that you'll never forget in your heart
10,Who keeps saying no to thank you? LOL
10,It is one of the greatest films in Korean history.
10,The top 3 movies of my life. ☆ I think I watched it about 100 times? Hah!
10,The best romance movie of my life that makes me cry every time I watch it
10,It's the best no matter how many times I see it.Too desperate
10,They're all good movies. Everything
10,longing for innocent days
10,Please re-release it. I want to see it again at the theater
10,It's been 17 years since I've seen it again. It's still touching. It's not less exciting
6,Cho Seungwoo saved it...
10,I can't believe that this kind of movie came out in Korea.
10,It's my favorite movie. The peak of classicism
10,Best movie I've seen many times since 20 years ago
10,Thank you so much for watching this movie in 2020.
10,I don't need words for movies that I've never seen before It's so sad but it's a beautiful and pretty romance movie
10,Why didn't my mom tell me earlier that there's a movie like this?
10,It's exciting and funThese movies made Korean movies
10,Not only the actors' acting but also the OST were so perfect.
10,impeccable It was not just a romance movie.
10,A movie that makes me cry every time I see it.The movie of my life... It's sentimental.I'm excited... Will I be able to love like this again?
10,It's touching crying
10,The last one is Jo In Sung's necklace. I'm going to give you 0 point.
10,a movie that strongly wants to be re-released
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,It's a masterpiece. It was the best
10,It was so much fun!The masterpiece of the century! I want to see it again next time!
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie that lingers this long. You're the best!
10,It warms my heart when I watch it. My life movie that touched me so much♡
10,That love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,It's so touching
10,This is the first time I cried while watching a movie. Should I say that OST helps me to empathize well?It was really touching.
10,longing for 2001
10,Seungwoo hyung of god of god of god of god
10,OCN is doing it It makes me forget the virus for a while
10,Best 5 Korean movies in my heart
1,Part-timers. Your rating is old and dry
10,It's an unforgettable... It was really... touching.
10,A romance movie that makes me cry... The Beginning of Korean Romance Movies
1,A movie that teaches the lesson that a woman throws away a man when he collapses
10,I'm so touched. I've never felt this before.
10,It feels strange because it reminds me of my love life with my wife. Young-hoe is really the best.
10,Seri... Why did you teach me this movie now?
10,Cho Seungwoo's tone moves my heart too much... I cried every time Son Yejin cried.
10,It's fun to watch if you still have the same face as an actor
10,I heard that there was a classic Ost song on Sugarman. I enjoyed it a lot. I love how top stars acted when they were young~ The songs in the movie are so good and I want to watch it again^^
10,As I got older... It's a masterpiece
10,I'm so mad at her for her behavior
10,The best movie of my life... I cried for the first time while watching a movie.
10,I'm getting emotional even when I'm 40 years old
10,The love of Joo-hee and Jun-ha
10,I came back to watch it again after seeing "Jatanpung" on "Sugar Man" The movie of my life that doesn't need words
10,Cho Seungwoo... That's sad.
10,I recommend it whenever I see it.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I watched it nowcrying
10,I don't need words. It's the best.
10,We're here on a pilgrimage. ♧
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting skills... Story... It's my favorite movie
8,Movies are classic. Spam is classic
10,It's so much fun watching it now. The best romance movie of my life
10,The only movie I've ever seen in a movie theater 10 times
10,My favorite movie
10,Make some noise if you saw Sugarman!
10,It's a movie that shows the essence of classicism. Make sure to watch it!
10,The life of someone who hasn't seen this movie is pitiful. I want to beg them to watch it
10,I know why it's the legend of romance. Really... I want to watch another movie
10,Why did I see this now?
10,The movie that lingers even after the movie... I cried a lot while watching it(Crying)
10,The best movie of my life.It purifies the heart.A movie like a ray of light in my fallen heart
10,It's my favorite movie.I can't get anything to do with the OST. I'll watch it again if I have someone I'll watch it again
10,There is no need for words. It is so touching even now after 17 years.
10,I'm so glad I knew this masterpiece now.
10,It's crazy. Is this kind of movie not coming out again?
10,What else do I need besides saying that I'm the best?
10,Awesome. The best romance in Korea
10,It is the eternal classic of melodrama. Son Ye-jin's youthful beauty and acting skills.
10,It's a masterpiece that never gets tired of watching it again and again.
3,Conclusion: I loved my friend's friend
10,I love it. It was released in high school. It's so nice even now
10,It's going to be fun whenever I see it.
10,I don't need to say that it's my favorite movie
8,Tae-soo was also a good man.0
10,Best Melo Film in Korean Film History
10,The movie that I regret not watching at the theater... Please open it again!^^
10,I just saw it. I can't stop crying.
10,I'm watching a classic cable movie channel. The quality is no jokeMelo can be a masterpiece like this. I think it's my first time to get 10 points after watching a Melo movie
10,I watched it while crying. It's so sad
10,It is still a heart-fluttering movie that reminds me of my new 20-year-old memories of going to Shinsu-dong and Daeheung-dong campus with my favorite girl in February 2003.
10,See you in 2020a wordless film
10,It's pathetic why I've just seen this
10,The movie that made me excited and cried for the first time in 9th grade. The movie that reminds me of that feeling even after 17 years
10,The peak of Korean melodrama in the early 2000s. The acting of fresh Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo is so good.
10,The best movie of my life. Every single one of them all
10,Cho Seungwoo's crazy movie... I still can't tell how she looks at Son Yejin
10,There's even a limited edition DVD of the best film exhibition reminiscent of a shower crying
10,More than 10 points ^^
8,A sad and pure love that's hard to find right now
10,The best... Son Yejin is crazy
10,Movie that reminds me of rainy and cloudy days
8,I saw him at school. He's so much fun
10,The real version of Romeo and Juliet
10,Who watched it on Netflix? I cried a lot
10,It's the best to watch classical music while drinking wine alone after being dumped by your boyfriend.
10,It's the best movie ever. Thank you for letting me watch such a good movie.
10,I saw it for the first time in the morning after eating 26...Ha...I miss those emotions. They're the best 인생 My favorite movie in my life...
10,I wonder if this kind of movie will come out again. Son Yejin is so pretty
10,I'm tearing up even when I watch it again
9,I think it will be my life movie...♡
10,My favorite movie...  How many times have I seen you?
10,A movie that you suddenly think of and watch. A movie that makes you cry with overwhelming excitement.
10,I think there is only one classic movie that can feel this way.
10,I was able to feel the emotion of innocence well. It's a masterpiece
10,needless to say the best melodrama
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times
10,It's the best. It's my favorite movie. I blame myself for watching this
10,I hope this movie of pure love comes out again.
9,Korean Melo that I saw for the first time with a man to marry...♥ I loved it
10,It's a movie that's so touching every time and time again.I love Son Yejin's sentimental acting♡♡
10,I want to beat myself after watching this life movie.
10,I think I've seen it more than 5 times in my 30s
10,Do I need to say anything more?
10,The movie that I'm going to watch again...Son Yejin is the best.So pure and beautiful!
10,Even the soundtrack is perfect
10,It's the movie of my life that changed my mind
10,The scene where Son Ye-jin runs in the rain and salutes the ROTC march is the best scene
10,The first melodramatic movie I saw in middle school. Maybe it was because I was in puberty. I was so excited and heartbroken watching the movie. Son Ye-jin's peak and best filmography.
9,My favorite movie
10,It is the highest point of Korean melodrama that can feel the pure and fresh feeling that cannot be seen in melodrama these days
10,a nuclear recommendation
10,A poignant book uncovered again after a long time.
10,I watched it so many times that I even memorized the lines. It's my life movie!I like the awkward acting of the actors because they look fresh
10,A movie that makes you draw memories that you've never experienced before
10,I want to give a perfect score to all of my favorite Korean movies It's fun to watch young Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo. A movie that's fun even if you watch it 10 times!
10,Korea's Best Romance Movie
8,Real classic love rather than modern sensibilities. Son Yejin is crazy...
10,The music is so beautiful and well made
10,It's a movie that makes you want to love again
10,I'm watching right now. It's still fresh and sad. I love each scene and every song
10,I cried again and again crying
10,I can't forget the masterpiece. I watch it again when I think of it
10,I can't help but cry when I see that scene
10,a wordless film of life
10,I think of you when the sun shines on the sea.I think of you when the faint moonlight floats on the spring water.
10,I don't need anything. Son Yejin is really pretty.
10,It's faint and beautiful. The first movie that my son and daughter want to show after taking the college entrance exam.
9,Murakami Haruki's novel "The Age of Loss" flashed by.The meaning of a person's love is that it talks about something as beautiful and unreachable as the sunset beyond the distant horizon.
10,It's 16 years old and it's not tacky at all. Cho Seung-woo is really the best.
10,That fresh heart-fluttering Son Yejin is the only one top
4,It's like Son Yejin is traveling in time.
10,It's a great movie even if you watch it in the fall of 2019!
10,It's impressive and everything is good
10,It's the best movie of my life. I cried and laughed and cried
10,Everything is in perfect order.
10,The best movie even if you watch it 10 or 20 times!
10,The best movie of my life. I was so happy
10,It is sad that Kim Kwang Seok's song is included in the sad scene.
10,I'm so proud that it's the best movie in Korea
10,It's already been 16 years.I hope I'm as brilliant as I am in those days.
10,I'm regretting not seeing you at the movie theater in my life
10,The scene where the street lights flicker under Son Ye-jin's house is definitely the best. I watched it more than 10 times because of that scene
10,It's such a good movie
10,2003 was when I was in 8th grade. I finally saw itYour acting is great. Thank you so much for showing me in the movie CGV
10,Son Yejin looks sentimental and pretty even now. I'm getting emotional.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,A movie that makes you feel sentimental even when you watch it again
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I am so happy to see such a masterpiece in the theater even though it is late.
10,I went to see my favorite movie because there was a classic screening hall on CGV today. It's a classic that makes me sad every time I see her. Yejin is still pretty
10,be heartbreakingly pure
10,I saw the Korean mock test as a scenario play. It's dapak
9,It's more fun because it overlaps with the old memories.
10,I'm 30 years old. I cried my eyes out.
10,the greatest melodrama of this time
10,It reminds me of the past and makes my heart flutter.
10,It doesn't make sense to talk about this movie. It's just a movie that doesn'
9,I saw you too lateSuch a masterpiece;;;
10,I have never seen a movie like this in my life. The first and last movie.
10,Son Ye-jin's beauty and Cho Seung-woo's acting skills stand out
10,Is it you that I miss you?Was it then? You may have been someone's first love...
6,Am I the only one who doesn't know what to do with the dramatic development?Old BMW cars in the era of self-driving cars.
10,The eternal classic of the human heart
10,Son Yejin is the best. It is one of the masterpieces that makes me cry every time I see it.
10,Classic is a movie reminiscent of autumn. Emotions ripen as they watch the ripening grains. Junha... Joohee... And it must be a great blessing to be able to recall the scene of classical music while listening to the song of the bicycle scene
10,I hope it stays like a picture without regrets
10,Diet movie... You can lose 1kg by juice. Anytime...
10,An old-fashioned romance that lingers in my mind
10,A movie that tells you the specimen of your first love.
10,A movie that makes me cry. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting makes me cry
10,I think I watched this movie 100 times.The past love must have been so bright and beautiful...I watch it with tears in my eyes.
10,A beautiful and sad poem... A heartbreaking ending
10,It's a masterpiece. It is essential to watch this movie.
10,a movie like a melodrama textbook
10,Son Yejin's sadness and Cho Seungwoo's affection... a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,It's so touching I think I drew pure love well
10,My heart ached so much that I cried
4,I wasn't really into anything.Well.
10,The best romance movie...!
10,A movie I've seen a lot. It's fun. lol
10,I want to take it out once in a while.
10,It's my life movie. I don't know how many more times I'll see you It's so touching
10,Movies that I want to keep taking out
10,Music and story are the best
10,Immortal melodrama to go down in Korean history
10,I remembered today when it was raining.
10,How should I say it? I watched this movie more than 20 times without telling a lie
9,It's a song by Melo. For Melo
10,Praise the director.
10,A movie that I can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch♡
10,A movie that touches your emotions no matter how many times you watch it.It makes me cry every time I see it. Why does Cho Seung Woo look good on you?Son Ye-jin's tear acting is beautifully sad and a goddess.
10,It's a shame that there aren't any masterpieces like this these days.
10,I was changing channels and I saw you doing it on CGV.How many times. It' I cry every time in the same scene.It's a movie that touches the emotions that can't be called childish.
10,Wow... Why did I see this now?I thought that it was a relief that I saw it now while doing it.
10,I was careless because I thought it would be okay since it's been a while
10,I'm touched every time I watch my favorite movie
10,The melodrama is Son Yejin The crying scene is all-time number one
4,I didn't watch it in the theater. I watched it on the cable channel later. It's too boring. I watched it until the end because of Cho Seungwoo
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo acted really well even at a young age
10,Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's acting skills in the movie that I've seen more than 10 times is the best of pure romance in the analog era^
10,I'm looking at it now and Son Yejin is so pretty ;;
10,A movie that makes my heart flutter every time I watch it many times.
9,Classic vs eraser in my head...- What's your choice?
10,Cho Seungwoo's acting is crazy.
10,It's beautiful. It's always nice to see you
10,Son Yejin's life-long melodrama
10,None of the melodramatic movies I've seen so far are beyond classic
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,The movie of my life that doesn't need words...
10,My favorite movie that I want to watch again and again
10,Movies that you keep thinking about and want to watch
10,Yonsei University should give the director a merit award. There will be a lot of students going to Sinchon dreaming of this kind of college romance.
10,Cho Seung-woo's performance in the life movie needs no words.
10,The movie of my life!
10,This movie will be the top of Korean melodrama even after many OOOs.
10,The movie that made me realize what it's like to feel love...I want to see someone I love again
10,The best movie...My heart aches every time I see it
10,This is what a true melodrama is like.
10,It's a well-made movie that makes you want to have a heart-warming love
10,I thought erasers were the best.Before this...
8,That love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,We met again in 2019. It's a legend.
9,Kim Kwang Seok's "A love that hurts so much wasn't love."'
10,It's really touching...
10,No words needed. 10
10,I've never seen such a perfect movie in the world.This is so much more fun than a laptop...
10,Even Jo In-sung and Lee Ki-woo's awkward acting felt perfect. It's like a beautiful movie.It's sad but beautiful.  I don't know why I cried so much.I know why the title is classic
10,The movie that made me feel that love that can be made this hot will come to me. It makes me feel excited and sad whenever I see it.
10,Korea's legendary first love movie
10,The first movie I watched at the theater! The movie that made my heart flutter when I was a middle school student!It was like my first love that made me memorize all the lines without getting tired of watching and watching
10,It's really classic...
8,I saw it in the theater when I was really young.   It brings back memories. I want to go back to those days
7,Is it the intended bad acting?To make it look like a traditional drama?Or are they all acting bad?
10,I hope this kind of movie is made againCho Seungwoo is such a great actor!
10,It's always touching!
10,A movie that will make my heart flutter forever
10,Can this be re-released?
10,I'm so sad even when I look at it now.I like it a lot.
10,I cried my eyes out in the middle of the night.
10,a masterpiece that no longer needs modifiers It will remain the best love movie in my heart forever.
10,Yejin is so pretty. She's so pretty when she cries
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,The best melodrama of my life!
10,I'm looking back on the memories of 2019 I think it's a movie that makes you realize that there is still pure love in your heart I like it a lot.
10,A movie that you fall in love with no matter how many times you watch it
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,Immortal Romance Masterpiece Can't Be Released in Korean Film History
10,8825865262 is the best movie ever
8,I made it well  It was so real
10,It's so sentimental that I'm afraid to see it again
10,The best movie in Korea. It's a masterpiece that Koreans can relate to the most
10,I think it is a very sad and beautiful movie.♡
10,...it's my life work
10,It's fun. It's my 11th time watching it's fun
10,The best youth movie ever...
10,It was so much fun[Laughing
10,The best romantic movie in Korea...!
10,It's always the best movie.
10,A movie that makes me sad and sad every time I watch it
10,It was a movie that lingered in my heart when I watched it in the 9th grade
10,What do I need to say? It's just tears
10,I don't know why I started watching it.A masterpiece of touching moments!
10,It's fun to watch again.
10,Is the number of viewers for real?
10,Son Yejin's heart-warming romance that makes your heart flutter
10,A movie that warms your heart even if you watch it again
10,A work that depicts the memories of old times and the way of life.
10,My life movie. My life masterpiece...
1,One of the sub-movies that was produced in a rush under the influence of the Japanese movie Love Letter
10,Movie that I watched more than 20 times. My favorite movie.
10,It's a masterpiece!M
8,a well-made film I don't think it's out of 10.
10,I wish it would be re-released. I dreamed of my first love. The OST is so good and he acts well.
10,Nino and Your Financial Understanding of Trade Unionism
10,Favorite movie to push Titanic out of life
10,a poignant film adequately illuminated by Jang Hyun's lingering feelings
10,His acting skills and acting skills are all so touching.
10,Let's really do a remake!
1,It's not good. It's too loose
10,Why did I watch this movie now? My life is divided into two from now on.Before watching this movie... After watching this movie..
10,Why isn't there a movie like this these days?
10,The legend of Korean melodrama. You have to put on the cross
10,It's a beautiful and sad movie. Can I love like this in my life?
10,Why did I watch this now? Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting.
9,It's really the class of a melodrama!
10,The best melodramatic movie ever
10,A movie that I've never seen time while watching a movie for the first time. The song was perfect and the story was perfect. Will I be able to see another classic movie?
10,L.O.스토.E STORY that you've heard before. As the title says... Classic. Innocence can't beat any sophistication
10,You're the best. This is the best
10,Have you ever been in love? It's my personal feeling and the feeling when I can't come back.
10,I'm crying. Can't you see my tears?
10,A handkerchief-like movie that cannot be thrown away even if the coffee stain is deep
10,I watched it about 20 times. I think I'll see another 20 times. Christmas and the movie of my life in August
10,A romance masterpiece with an eraser in my head...
10,The movie that still lingers is much better than the recent plausible melodrama
10,It's always the best masterpiece...
10,It's fun to watch it again and again on TV.
10,I also thought that there was a special lecture on the college entrance exam in the third year of high school.I saw you doing it on TV. Son Yejin is so pretty.0
10,I don't need to say anything. The best...
10,It's still a masterpiece. It warms my heart.
10,A movie that brings me back to my past innocence
10,The OST is the best masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life that doesn't need words anymore
10,The first movie I don't understand why the audience is so small. I hope there's something people see and feel these days feel.
4,What's it about? I enjoyed watching Emergency Measure No. 19 because I lost track of time
10,A movie that reminds me of my first love
10,Literally classic and authentic first love movie
10,That love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,It's fun and sad every time I see it
10,Like once a week.
10,The Essence of the First Love Movie Classic of Classic
10,My youth with classical music...
10,It's so funny to slap Jo In Sung and Son Ye Jin
10,You haven't seen it yet? Hurry up and see it. What are you doing?!?! Hurry up!
10,The movie that I watched when I was 20 years old. My heart aches every time I watch it.
10,Wow... I can't speak...
10,There's no need for words. the most exciting movie ever
10,My favorite movie is the best
10,9 points for over 15 years. There's a reason
9,It's so cringe-worthy...A movie that reminded me of my first love that was heartbreaking
10,A movie that would have been a hit if it had been released now.All the movies that come out these days are capitalist...I miss analog.
10,It is a beautiful masterpiece every time I see it twice. It's not just a melodrama. It's a movie that shows "This is what Korean melo is."
10,Really. It's fun to watch it many times. I can feel the emotions of the rain shower in the movie and even Cho Seungwoo's unexpected acting... The movie that lingers a lot after watching it. Son Yejin's golden days... It's so pretty
10,The first movie I watched with my wife on the way back from watching it again.The movie that had good music and sensibility.^^
10,I think I'm No. 1 in Korean romance
10,Son Yejin is so pretty in her prime
10,Korea's best melodrama that's good to watch no matter how many times!
10,Why isn't there such a melodrama these days?
10,It's fun even now. I'm still moved even when I was young and old.The fresh images of the main characters are impressive ^^
10,You're just the best. You're definitely the best.
10,It's a masterpiece even if time goes by.
10,My favorite movie. It's fun even if I watch it 10 times. Watching this movie reminds me of old memories in my early 20s. The OST is the best!
10,It's a fun and sad movie to watch over and over and over again. Emotional stimulation. Ost is the best!
10,Isn't there something wrong with the audience?I've seen it a few times
10,The best movie of my life.I miss all the times I watched that movie.
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,When can I see this Korean melody again?
10,Do you need words? Except for one person's acting.
10,A movie that makes your heart-warming
10,Now I'm a fool. It's a masterpiececrying
10,A movie with a great acting story and music.
10,The best movie of my life. It's so beautiful and happy
10,A film with the adult novel "Shower".
10,Legend cannot be judged.
10,A masterpiece is literally the best
10,It's a masterpiece. Why now?
10,It's crazy. I watched it 5 times and I think I'm going to cry every time I see it
10,I feel good because there are a lot of people who are touched by the same thing because they came to read the reviews
10,It's a masterpiece that will go down in Korean film history
10,Good ~ January 2019 is still a masterpiece.  It's classic
10,I get emotional every time I see it.
10,Heartbreaking love story...
10,A beautiful movie that still touches your heart in 2019
10,Best movie in years
10,The movie is really well made. You're making me cry.
10,It's a movie that can't be described in words
10,You're the best. Do you need more words?
10,An eraser in my head. Titanic. Romeo and Juliet can't beat classical music.
10,No more Mallo films have been and will not be before this film.
6,Am I feeling dry?I don't know. Tall guy's acting is a little awkward
10,It's a masterpiece. I only got 10 points.That's too bad.
10,A movie that's fun and full of excitement no matter how many times I watch it
10,I just saw this. It's the best
10,The person you love is more beautiful and dazzling than anyone else.
9,Each and every video is beautiful and fits well with the title.a feeling of innocence
8,It's a very pure and beautiful youth drama that's hard to find these days^^
10,It's the best! My favorite movie
10,The movie is so fun. Do you think it's a sophisticated romance movie? I like Ost too
5,Disappointed. Son Yejin was the only thing to see
10,I watched it with my mom when we went to the movies together when I was newly married. It's been 15 years and it's so much fun for me too
10,It's sad no matter how many times I watch it...Actor Cho Seungwoo's eyes are really...
10,The best melodramatic movie I've ever seen... It's not tacky even now
10,This kind of melodrama will never come out again. It's a classic.
10,Classical means beautiful
10,My heart aches the more I think about Junha
10,It's a movie that I always think of regardless of the season
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece over time.
10,I can't even count how many times I've seen you
10,A movie that makes you sad and smile
10,My heart is always pounding
10,A movie that goes well with Kim Kwang Seok's voice
10,I'm proud to see this in the cinema
10,A movie that can't help but make you cry
10,It was so pure and beautiful.
10,It was the longest romance movie I've ever seen
10,I want to buy this movie that I haven't seen itYou can feel the emotion again
10,지 Shit!~~~
10,Thank you very much. It reminds me of something The song is so good
10,A movie that opens up the golden age of your life that you want to go back to
10,I didn't know there was a movie that made me cry.
10,Son Yejin's photo book video version
10,The best melodrama...
10,I just saw this. This masterpiece...
10,It is a movie that will never come out again.I'm too sentimental to see you again
10,Cho Seung-woo needs to make more movies soon. I hope to film as many movies as possible at that age.
10,It's literally a classic of romance.
10,I feel so sorry for Tae-su that I am crying...
10,It is late fall of OOO.There has yet to be a Korean melodrama that has not yet reached the level of excellence.
10,The only romantic movie that I like.
10,Director Kwak Jae-yong always homage to Hwang Soon-won's shower in his works.  Korean-style heartbreaking and pure love story
10,the ultimate romantic movie
10,It's a sad masterpiece that I saw for the first time at this age. I feel that it is amazing to create love that transcends generations across the 1980s and 2000s.
10,I am a high school student and I happened to know this movie and it is the best.It was so touching and I watched it for a long time with tears in my eyes. I really need to watch it again later!
10,Please wait for me. I'm going to meet you now
10,I liked the best OST and I loved Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting
10,Son Ye-jin and Jo In-sung's memories are captured. What else do we need?
10,Classic Makes You Think of Your Own Color Over a Decade
10,You have to watch it. I regret seeing you for the first time today.
10,A movie that shines with the fresh memories of my college days in 2003.
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,It reminds me of October.
10,The best... This is a masterpiece
10,I love pretty movies
10,A masterpiece... I hope this kind of movie comes out again
10,Perfect harmony of music and video?
10,A really lyrical and Korean movie
10,It's a classic movie that doesn't need words
10,It's one of the best movies that doesn't need words
10,Thank you for making a beautiful movie
10,It's a great movie in textbooks. It's like a textbook of all melodramas!
6,Son Yejin saved a few scenes. I had high expectations
10,I want to see Son Ye-jin's freshness again while listening to music on a big screen with more than 300 seats.
10,It's a fun movie to watch sometimes. Cho Seungwoo's acting is the best
10,How beautiful the shoes! be sad and beautiful
10,It's a masterpiece.I wish there was a movie like this now.
10,This is real. It's real
10,The love story that I couldn't fulfill when I was pure is very sad. It's very touching
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life. A movie that touches my heart even when I watch it again
10,It's a movie that makes your heart flutter and moves you no matter how many times you watch it
10,It's my life piece. It's so sad
10,It's a cozy movie. It's really cozy.
10,Thank you!Thank you for making such a good movie.I want to show this movie to my son.
10,It leaves a lot of lingering feelings
1,The Spring Day is Gone Christmas in August. Classic vs. Disappointment
10,You're the best! Really!
10,It was a movie that made me think it was so pretty even when I was 17 years old
10,A life movie that makes your heart flutter
10,All the movies about first love so far are under classical music.
10,This movie is still interesting
10,The best melodrama in my heart.  It's true that I saw it at the theaterRow
10,It's a good movie Warm ^^
10,I think it's a movie that's not tacky at all and leaves a lingering impression even now that it's 20 OOO.
10,A textbook film about what a man's love should be like
10,The Classic of Korean Melo Film
10,A movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings. It's new and never gets tired of watching it' If it's re-released.
10,It's a movie that lingers about love
10,A movie that touches my heart...
7,Love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,The best movie...
10,Such a sad and touching movie. A good movie that leaves a beautiful impression in the world^^
10,The movie that made me know actor Cho Seungwoo
10,Is this movie's audience real?
10,I think Flip and Classic are the best romance movies
10,Cho Seung Woo's romance movie! Let's go again!
10,The best movie of my life. I watch it every year in the chilly autumn
10,It's a movie of my life.
10,The best romance movie in our country.
8,I want to get rained on.
10,a classic classic novel-like film
10,I got goosebumps at the cafe scene of Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
1,It's not classic. It's cliché. an overrated film
10,It is the best romance movie in Korea ♡♡♡
8,Cho Seungwoo's acting was 5 stars. Son Yejin's acting was 2 stars. Cho Inseong's acting was 2 stars. OST 5 stars
10,It's a good movie to watch again
10,How many times did I cry? I think it's a masterpiece that depicts the first love that everyone wanted I really feel that it is a work that can be re-released beyond the times. I would like to thank the director for allowing me to feel new emotions through this work.
10,It was fresh and pure The movie of my life movie. an unforgettable masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life. What are you doing? You didn't give me 10 points
10,I get emotional no matter how many times I watch it
10,I cried at the end
10,I'm so touched.♡♡♡
10,The best masterpiece. The best masterpiece
10,Will there be a movie that can express the emotions and longing of the 2000s?
10,Top 5 Best Movies of My Life
10,A masterpiece that makes me cry no matter how many times I watch it. a movie of one's life
10,The best melodrama in Korean film history.
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,It is a work that contains pure first love. Heartbreaking love seems to be something like this
10,Classic is the best...
10,A very impressive and moving romance movie.
10,the best movie without words
9,It's one of the few Korean movies that still makes me moved.
10,My heart hurts again when I see OO again. Real love
10,They said it was founded. The best melodrama
10,Sigh... I cried...
10,It's still a masterpiece. I've never seen a melodrama like this before.
10,It's so much fun. It's a sentimental feeling that you can't feel in movies these days.
9,I want to fall into Son Yejin's eyes.
10,It's a really cool movie. It's a trick
2,I've never seen such a boring movie in my life
10,It's just god god...really
10,It was nice to feel the pure love of that era
10,I think Cho Seungwoo really liked Son Yejin... The acting was amazing
10,A pure movie that touches you. A movie that you want to watch again. A movie that you won't get tired of
10,Perfect acting performance by the cast. Unrealistic yet realistic solid storytelling.
10,It's a movie that's not tacky at all even if you watch it now
10,It's been 15 years since I've seen classical music again. My heart fluttered and sentimental.I think this is really my first love
10,It's fun to watch it again.
10,I cried again at dawn.My favorite movie
10,I burst into tears no matter how many times I see it.
10,A good movie. A sensibility over generations.
10,Moments that will never come back. The best movie I'll never see again.
10,It's a beautiful love beyond the times^^ I think it's the best movie I've ever seen. ♡
10,I wonder why I saw it now.  Excited and sad
10,I really enjoyed watching the best BGM actors' acting skills.
10,Cho Seung-woo's acting after coming back from the war was the best
10,It's the best. It's a masterpiece that will remain in Korean film history. A must-see movie before you die.
10,I still remember crying while watching the movie at the movie theater during my private vacation. A movie that I will never forget
10,It's been a while since I showed it on TV. It's so goodSo fresh
10,I saw him when he was 20 years old. The best movie of my life
10,I can't believe I'm feeling the delicate hearts of the characters that I couldn't read in the theater 15 years ago.A masterpiece of flawless romance!
10,a movie that serves as the standard and measure of romance
10,It's the best. It's good to see.
10,A masterpiece. I'm going to watch it again
10,a masterpiece that still touches one's heart
10,I'm excited from the first scene. It's a movie with calm canon music and beautiful scenery of nature. I recommend a movie that's good to watch many times.
10,It's a movie that rewets the emotions that used to be dry in the present era.
10,I can't get rid of my lingering feelings.
10,It's the best. It's a movie that's still impressive
10,Yejin noona is so pretty.
10,One of the best romance movies in Korea! The best movie of my favorite movie!
10,It leaves a deep impression. And my heart aches...
10,Literally classic. classic.
10,I hope you can feel the heart-breaking and warm love story
10,a textbook of Korean love films
10,It's a sentimental feeling that's hard to express in words.
10,I really enjoyed watching it!It's heartwarming and touching!
10,It's so nice because it's so sad and calm.
10,Do you remember me sometimes?Whether it's a rainy day like today or a day like yesterday...
10,Classic of my youth and still classic
10,It's a movie that makes a faint smile and tears coexist
10,I feel so sad no matter how many times I look back
10,Analogue emotions...The Essence of Melo
10,There is no need for words. Video-like production. Touching tears. I will proudly put it up as one of the best Korean movies of my life.
10,It's a good movie to watch. My favorite movie!
8,I miss you all the time. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
10,It's a masterpiece! I love Cho Seungwoocrying
10,I think I saw it at the theater about four times. I miss you again because of Sugarman.
10,I hope it's released again
10,I hope it's released again
10,The name of this movie reminds me of myself.First love. Kim Marjeok. The movie I should have seen with you.
10,an undoubtedly immortal masterpiece
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.I'm touched. It's a beautiful movie that stays in my heart all the time even after the movie is over and brings out my dim memories of my youth
10,The best movie of my life that I cry every time I see even though I know the movie
10,A masterpiece that I can't forget no matter how many times I look at it
10,It's only on the re-release of the audience
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,My favorite movie. It's so good to watch whenever I think of it
10,Junha... That Junha is Junha
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! The movie that makes me want to love :) I think I trust and watch director Kwak Jae-yong's worksHahaha
10,I cried while watching it because it reminded me of a rainy day
10,I really enjoyed it ^^
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words. I think I've seen this movie five times.It's a renaming work
10,The best... I don't know how to express it in words
10,Kim Kwang-seok and Jatan-style song OST selection was the highlight of the movie.
10,I want to go back to 2003 when this movie was released when I was a college student. It's already been 15 years.
10,Movie that comes to mind when it's cloudy and rainy day... It's so nice.
10,I watched it again today and it was so sad. It is a perfect melodrama with the pure love of youth in the 60s and 70s and the fresh love of youth in the 2000s
10,The only thing I can say is that it's a masterpiece
10,Movie of life! Words are meaningless no more.
10,It's a masterpiece! It's the best!
10,It's a classic
10,Joohee didn't get married and waited until Junha came back.
10,It is a movie that I want to watch again.
10,The Bible of First Love. There's no first love movie for me that beats this oneYou can also see Son Yejin from her prime
2,a B-rated movie
10,This kind of movie is a masterpiece
10,It's different from when I turned 30 years old when I was a teenager
10,Son Yejin's beauty is killing me.
10,a masterpiece that will remain in Korean cinema forever
10,I watched it again after a long time and I cried my eyes out.The classic that I saw in my 20s...The clackish movie I watched in my 30s was wrong...
10,This is the second time I got goosebumps after watching the best movie of my life
10,It's a pretty movie that reminds me of my sentimental first love and makes my heart flutter
10,The most Korean and complete romance
10,It's so touchingYejin noona
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,It's so cool even now.Director Kwak is so cool
10,I love Ost And Son Yejin is so pretty and good at acting... crying
10,The best movie of my life. The movie that made me realize that it touched my heart. The movie that made me so happy to watch.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It's a movie that reminds you of your first love
10,I still watch movies with tears in my eyes
10,It's just 10 points.
10,The best first love movie...
10,The movie that I watch again whenever I think of it ♡
10,Life movie... I wish it would be re-released again
10,This movie is amazing. Why did I watch it now?
10,The movie that I still remember is the best
10,http://m.insight.co.kr/news/147805 Classic Reopening confirmed!
10,The movie that lingers...
10,It's a movie that's touching even if you watch it again. It's a movie where the pure emotions of the actors of that time are buried in their acting.
10,I'm buying classic eyes. I want to feel the emotion that I saw for the first time again...It contains the story of a pure and painful first love.
10,This is a movie. This is a movie and the song is so good
10,I watched it because I like Son Yejin. You're so good
10,Is there a love that makes my heart flutter?
10,The number one romantic movie in Korea
10,It is really the best movie.
10,Will there be another movie like this?a film that will last forever
10,A masterpiece of a melodrama that doesn't need words!
10,It's the most touching love story movie of my life
10,First love movie that will remain in Korean movie history...Beautiful and sad
10,I really don't think this kind of movie will come out again.It's more sentimental to hear Kim Kwang Seok's voice.
10,It's the best classic movie that'
10,There's no need for words. The best Korean movie of my life
10,Love is beautiful. And still believe in love.
10,Can you feel this emotion in movies these days? I cried when Jihye couldn't hide her happy smile
10,It's a masterpiece of Korean melodrama that's comparable to the original Japanese version
10,The best movie of my life. I can't watch this kind of melodrama until I die. I can still feel the lingering emotions after seeing it for the first time
10,I salute the movie that has become a legend of Korean melodrama.
10,I shouldn't have seen it. I can't sleep at this late hour Cho Seungwoo's acting is the best. Now I'm a fan of Cho Seungwoo!
10,I'm going to meet you now. I'm seeing you again.It's a movie that came out when Son Yejin was 22 years old. There's no such young fraudulent actress these days.
9,A masterpiece is definitely a masterpiece
9,A necklace of inevitable coincidences represents everything in this movie
10,Even the title is perfect. The movie I love
10,My first love comes to mind.
1,Korean movies = trash movies
8,It's my second time but it's really fun.
8,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,The best masterpiece. What else can I say?
10,On a rainy day...a heartbreaking remark
10,It's a no-nonsense.
10,I watched it alone at home
10,It's a legendary movie that reminds you of your first love
9,The movie that I liked more because it was childish
10,I dare say it's the best movie of my life
3,A fairy tale love story that is only good for a 13-year-old boy and girl who are unlikely and unrealistic. I agree with the OST
10,It was sad and nice to see again. The unasked innocence and love of those days finally made me cry.
10,I think there will be a lot of people who will go to see it even if it'
10,It's dawn when I think of her who broke up
10,It's so much fun. I learned a lot
10,The song that fits the scene is very memorable and Cho Seung Woo and Son Ye Jin's acting made the viewers happy throughout
10,The movie that came out when I was just starting to walk. I think I know why this movie remained in the minds of many people all this time. It's such a good movie.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Each cut is a poster and a work of art
10,What do you mean write 10 letters?
10,A movie that makes you keep watching and watching
10,A masterpiece. The best melo in Korea
10,The movie that three men watched while smoking makgeolli in the living room is the best movie.
10,The best romance movie of my life!
10,Love sometimes makes a relationship a miracle.Old love can't be so beautiful.
10,It's a good movie. I sometimes think of it.
10,a heartbreaking film
10,The one who gives 1 point to himself is the robot itself
10,It's crazy. I keep thinking about it
10,I hope it's re-released again!
1,Why am I so boring? I can't really relate to it
10,Even if I watch it again. Even if I watch it 10 times.You're the best!
10,15 years old movie... It's the best.
1,It's cringe-worthy. I thought the bones and flesh were separated.
10,I think I saw him more than 10 times. Is Cho Seungwoo acting for real?Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin. They're in their early and mid 20s.Look at her acting. Would Suzy have done well if she played that role?I got 9.5 points for acting and the rest is OST
10,It is a luxury of Korean movie.
10,It's a masterpiece even after time passes.
10,The first movie on January 1st...It's always a masterpiece. I drink soju and spend the new year alone I wish you all the best...
8,I had such a strong love in high school.The music is good
10,It's fun to watch it again. Son Yejin is so pretty
10,Masterpiece! The best movie of my life
10,I'm grateful that I can feel this way even now
10,The best movie of my life that I can't get tired of even after watching it 100 times
10,I'll watch it again when it's re-released
10,I thought it was a sad first love story. I got goosebumps at the last twist
10,I want to go back to that era with analog sensitivity
10,It's a romantic movie that's so sentimental that you can't forget about the beautiful scenery and comic^^
10,You have to see how touching it's
10,Beautiful. Beautiful video and beautiful story.And the music is beautiful
10,It's a movie that made me realize the word "sentimental" and "memories" deep in my heart
10,I happen to see you on TV and cry again.
10,It's already my fifth time sending it back
10,The best movie that doesn't need words...Did Jaeyong really make this? I can't believe it.
10,The movie I own. One of my best movies ^^.  10 out of 10.
10,Architecture? Well...You'll know when you see it
10,It's the best movie ever. I miss you again
10,Who is your first love? Suzy is an older brother and Son Yejin is an old man. I'm an old man.
10,a classicly beautiful film
10,Masterpiece is a masterpiece. I agree
10,I saw him in high school. It was so much fun. I still remember that feeling back then.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I think it's the best for a melodrama. Seeing Joo Joo-yeon's fresh appearance in the past makes me feel very emotional. Thank you.
10,A really good movie. I think I know why it's so popular.
10,I'm seeing this now. It's the best!
10,I recommend it if you want to feel the sensitivity of the time when this movie came out.
10,A beautiful movie that blends well with the Ost
10,A movie that makes you cry just by looking at it. Classic is forever
10,I can't get my emotions back.The darkness won't go away.
10,A movie that reminds me of everyone's first love or pure love...
8,I watched it 10 years ago and it's still fun!
10,It's a life movie that doesn't need words.
10,I can only describe it as the best. Their youth was splendid and full of love
10,Thank you for re-release It would be a shame if you didn't see such a masterpiece in the theater. I'm sure you'll never make a movie like this again It's a masterpiece that will go down in history. Son Yejin is also a never-before-seen actress It's more than beauty It's a beauty that no one else will ever have
10,I was very sad and heartbroken when I watched this movie.
10,It's the best even if I watch it 10 times. It's nice to see you 15 years later
10,Such a pretty movie...
10,I'm like the sunset~
10,What's the use of the best horse!
10,A movie you want to love when you watch alone. A movie you fall in love with when you watch it together
9,Why am I so bad at making melodramas these days?
10,It was re-released and it was fun
8,It's like the standard of romance. It's fun to watch.I want to give you 8.6 points
10,I can't forget a masterpiece
6,a childish and improbable development The Vietnamese scene is even homage to Forest Gump.
9,A good movie. A movie you must be watched
9,I watched it on DVD 6 years ago and I remembered the music insertion songs. It's still a masterpiece. Son Yejin Cho Seungwoo is so beautiful
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It lingers for a long time.
10,Thank you for the re-release. I really enjoyed it.
9,It's from 2003. I don't know why such a warm melodrama is rare these days. It's exciting to watch a movie theater exhibition again
10,It's so beautiful.a keen sensibility
10,A masterpiece... I can't express it in other words
10,Woo Yeonhee... I think I'll come into the deep part of my heart and stay there forever.
10,It's so much fun!
10,I re-released it and watched it again It's still the best movie. I love the music
10,The best movie of my life. I'm touched no matter how many times I watch
10,Needless to say. It's my favorite movie
10,The best melodrama of my life that I find every year. I watched it at the theater today.
10,A movie that reminds me of pure childhood love. No need for words. It's the best movie ever.
1,a war beautification envoy Why do we have to shoot and kill each other?
10,Best romantic movie ever. It's the best movie ever
10,It's a fresh movie no matter how many times I watch it again
9,I'm so touched. I'm so excited. It's so sad. I want to go back.
10,The acting of 1234567890 and the best story are all the best.
10,The best movie of my life. I love my son and daughter
8,It almost became a masterpiece.
10,It's touching even when I see it again.Actress Son Yejin who optimizes romance! I love the music too
10,Yejin! Why? Did you deliver your necklace that day after not seen each other for a long time?It's just that if you found your ex-boyfriend who was discharged as a Vietnamese warrior again...I'd rather... I don't know if I should have given up on this movie.
10,It's a thousand times better than the lower case La La Land. It's a legendary level of native melodrama with a shower motif! I think it was a good thing that I broke up with my boyfriend who complained that it was not fun when I saw him at the movie theater
10,Such a beautiful and heartbreaking movie. If I could meet a relationship like a movie in real life...
10,It's a great movie to watch at a time like this. It's better because it's pure and not tacky at all.
10,I cried a lot while watching it. It's my first time watching it while crying this much It's a masterpiece that I can't express in words. I remember the background music. That love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,It's the best. The story is really good. The actors are cool and pretty
10,It's not love that's too sad.It's a sad and beautiful movie.Son Yejin is so pretty~~^^
10,Thank you for allowing me to reminisce about my innocent youth.
10,A movie where Ost was all a gem
10,I strongly recommend movies and melodramas that I postponed a lot. ^^
10,Wow... It's really good.
10,This is a work. This is romance.
10,Generation grandchildren...I hope you all watch...
10,It's a classic movie that makes your heart warm no matter how many times you watch it
10,The best melodrama ever!
10,How many times have I...  Only the tears that flow every time!
10,Cho Seung-woo is always right. It was such a beautiful movie that made my heart ache and I want to say it is the best movie of my life. And I think it's definitely the best movie for first love.
10,be short of ten pointsI can say that it's the best movie of my life that makes my heart ache every time I watch it
10,It's been 13 years and I'm rewatching it It's like a firefly in my heart
10,I miss Han Jihyun. I really want to see it one more time.
10,It's a really sad movie that I didn't see in the theater.The video and OST are so much.
10,Son Yejin's delicate appearance...Cho Seung-woo's voice filled with melancholy.Written lines...Kim Kwang Seok's songs...The movie that was perfect
10,My life's romance standards are divided into before and after watching classical music
10,I loved Kim Kwang Seok so much that I went to the theater to listen to "A Painful Love Was Not Love" and the song and the movie went well together.I think I've seen it more than 10 times. I became a fan of Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo with this movie.Korea's best first love movie!!!
10,Totally my life movie ♥♥♥
10,There's no need for words.
10,It rained. I saw it again. A movie that comes to mind when it rains even after a decade has passed.
10,It's always the best Korean movie I've ever seen! It's a very pure and affectionate love story. I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. And the love story that leads to Cho Seung Woo and Cho In Seong is so sad...
10,feel numb in the chest. . . .
10,A movie that expresses the excitement of first love well.
10,I want to try this kind of love.
10,The most beautiful and impressive movie
10,I loved and loved you
10,The essence of Korean love story! Do you need words? I can't think of any more movies.
10,Is this tears that continue to flow even after the end because of the emotion of the movie or the regret of my love that didn't come true? I wonder why I saw it now.
10,A movie that is good no matter how many times I watch it ^^ the music is so good...
10,I happened to watch this movie after being abandoned by my cheating boyfriend All I saw was tears.Will I be able to meet a man who loves only one woman as pure as Cho Seung-woo in this life?What have I been doing?It was a movie that made me look back on many things.
10,It's a movie that makes you never get tired of watching it and always feel touched and pure love! My favorite romance movie ^^
10,I think I've seen my favorite movie more than five times
10,I'm always touched.A great OST
10,It's the best masterpiece that I can't describe in words.
10,It's a movie that doesn't look tacky even in 2017. Their love was so pure and clear
10,The movie of my life. It's a classic movie that doesn't change over time
10,It's a good piece of work.Please continue to make good movies
10,It's like my life movie. It's a movie that still lingers after watching it
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,That's a great title. Classic. A movie that shows the essence of classical love
10,The best! It's fun to watch again.
10,It's the first movie I've ever seen
10,I'll give you 10 points
10,I'm so touched. I can't stop cryingBeautiful love story between Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
10,My favorite movie
10,It was good no matter how many times I saw it~~
10,A movie that's fun and sad even if you watch it again
9,Son Yejin's beauty! Jo Inseong's beauty!
10,Son Yejin's prime time ^^
6,Son Yejin is so pretty. Innocent. But the story isn't as good as I expected.
10,The Classic of Romance Movies! What else can I say?
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It's the best movie ever!♡♡♡
10,The best movie until the last twist
10,It's even better to see it again 10 years later with the emotions of my late 20s. I think it's a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,I feel like I've read There's a reason why it's a masterpiece
10,A love that breaks my tears whenever I see it
10,What's the point of a movie that's enough to knock a man's heart out like this?
10,It's a heartbreaking love story that I don't want to happen in real life.
10,Why are you watching this movie? There's a long lingering feelingWill the long lingering effects of my life's movie last long?
10,The best masterpiece! I'm waiting for it to be re-released
10,A movie that touches my heart whenever it rains
10,Thanks to Cho Seungwoo
10,It's so heartbreaking
10,The scene where Ji-hye and Sang-min take turns looking at each other in the art museum is always exciting.
10,I just saw it again It's so touching
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,an all-nighter movie Excited and moved
10,It's a movie that I watched with my wife a day before I went to the army in 2003. It's a nostalgic movieA movie that reminds me of a rainy day
10,I remember my first love. 2005... Life is like a flower path walking backwards.
1,A melodrama with a bubble rating of 6 is appropriate
10,Life Movie Classic Daisy Architecture Introduction to Korean Love Letter Ogaengkiki♥
10,A school book of romance movies
10,It's sad even though it's the third time I see it
10,The tip of my nose is touching. Such a beautiful movie
10,You're the best. What do you need to say?
8,The motif of Hwang Soon-won's shower in the beginning of the movie is really memorable. It seems that the classic Korean melodrama is not empty words.
10,I think that's what fresh first love is like.
10,Love and affection. The music is touching. Love
10,It is a great movie that is sad and beautiful and leaves a lot of lingering feelings.crying
10,A movie of all time.
10,I really want to see this movie in the theater
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,I could feel a lot about love.
10,It's a movie that makes your heart flutter over and over again
10,I look for it. It's a movie that makes me feel my sensitivity that I lost during this difficult time to make ends meet.
10,There's no first love movie like this
10,There is really no need for words. It's really sad.
10,I cried because I didn't watch old movies.I'm so sad.
10,It's a movie that makes you feel pure
10,Some clumsy acting is mixed with the innocence of the time
10,Really pure and pretty love..It's the best melodrama of my life
10,A movie that I like more because it's tacky
9,It's good. It's good for no reason
10,Fresh and pure love story Now I've seen classical music. I'd like to see it at the theater if it's re-released Hah!
9,Memories... The smell of old paper.  Miss.
10,The first movie I saw in the theater 14 years ago... It's the best
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo are so good at acting
10,There can be no more melodrama
10,I'm touched every time I see it^^
10,It's so beautiful A movie that's good to watch a time
10,It's been a long time since I've gotten older. I'm watching it on EBS today.Touching and affection...I can feel the sadness and the dynamics buried in our old hearts.Tears in my eyes.It is a good movie that Korean people can relate to.
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,A movie that will be remembered for a long time
10,A magical movie that is new and makes you tear up every time you see it
10,Why aren't there any good emotional movies these days?It's so heartbreakingly beautiful.
8,It's a shame that Jo In-sung was Cho Seung-woo's son at the end.
10,Tears never dried up. My favorite movie
10,The best work I've ever seen in Korea
10,It's a masterpiece again.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in my 50s. It's a movie that brings tears and heartache even if you watch it ten times. I cried the whole time watching Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's acting and how Kim Kwang-seok's song made my heart ache
10,It's fun to watch it again. I think the emotions of this movie are still unique
10,One more time... First love! That dim... watching with my daughter... watching the rainbow!!
10,The girlfriend who asked me out after watching this movie is now her wife^^ The best movie of my life ^^
10,21 years old... I want to go back to who I was A movie that you can't get enough of
10,Thank you for the good movie!
10,You're the best.
10,Is there a more beautiful love?
10,"I'm the only one who gets rained on when I have an umbrella". Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,If you're watching this movie... I don't know why a corner of my heart is so dim. It's a movie that makes you feel emotional when you watch it.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie in my life
9,A very pure and beautiful love story. With an OST that adds emotion... Everything was good
10,Son Ye-jin's presence in the movie classic was such a presence that would cover up Jo In-sung's poor acting.
9,Please re-release the classic
10,the greatest melodrama of all-time melodrama
10,It's just the top... You can't refute it
10,What do I need to say?This is definitely the number one melodrama I've ever seen.
10,A movie that smells like summer on a rainy day. A movie that will still be beautiful 10 years later. I think Son Yejin is the true melodramatic Queen.
10,Cho Seungwoo's crying scene in front of the door is overwhelming
10,Make sure to watch it on a rainy day!
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it.One of my favorite Korean movies
10,There is no need for words. It is just Korea's best first love movie and melodrama. It's so artistic that it doesn't feel like it's a remake of Hwang Soon-won's "Shower."
10,I don't want to explain the beat of 5 stars
10,The giant of a melodrama...
10,The movie that I remember the most
10,Movies that come to mind on rainy days
10,The best movie of my life... It still lingers even when I watch it again and again
10,It's so much fun! I strongly recommend it
10,I know why it's a masterpiece.Ost is so good and the ending is so sad that I keep crying...It still lingers
10,It's good. It's really good. It's just good
10,It's a masterpiece even after I became an office worker
10,I think it's definitely the best Korean romance movie. The OST songs are all great songs. It feels like Hwang Soonwon's shower. It's nice
10,Son Yejin saved this movie. "You're the Boss"
10,a moving film The last one is really the best.Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin are the best
9,The only romance comparable to those days
10,I can't forget the scene where Jo In Sung and Son Ye Jin ran in the rain
10,It's just amazing to be able to express an obvious melodrama this pure and lyrical.
10,There will be no man who is satisfied with the scene where Son Yejin runs to get him an umbrella after knowing that Jo In-sung didn't bring it out on purpose
8,Son Yejin is so pretty...
10,I finally saw this movie. Son Yejin's tears always make me crycrying
10,Cho Seungwoo... I respect you
10,Life Melo movie. It's an indescribable movie
10,A movie that leaves a deep impression...
10,I guess so. There's no other movie like this
10,I can't believe that it came out in 2003. The color is so pretty and the content is so good. It's a movie that leaves a lot of lingering emotions. It's such a good movie and I can't get enough of it. Son Yejin is so pretty♡
10,My heart is beating. Sad. Happy. Lovely
10,It's a masterpiece that lingers even if you watch it 10 times
10,It's a movie masterpiece that made me focus on the actors' acting and kept crying throughout!!
10,The best movie of my life that I see every year.
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. My dad watched it and said it reminded him of the past. I love it more because it's a movie he likes♡
10,It's not tacky at all right. It's classic
10,It's really the best. It's the movie of my life movie.
10,I watched it while studying for the final exam all night at school. It's fun. I want to run around wearing clothes like that on campus. I just realized how pretty Son Yejin is
10,I've watched it 20 times and I can memorize the lines. But it's a movie that wakes up the love cells that were always excited and dead
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,Heartbreakingly beautiful love
10,Is this what being fresh and innocent is like?
10,The best movie. It lingers in my mind.
1,I've never done it before. This is too extreme.
10,Both movies and OST are the best
10,Sadness and tenderness...These words that are gradually disappearing are full in this movie. It is a must-see Korean movie before dying.
10,It's very soft and has a unique vibe
10,I don't like romance. The reason why I don't watch melodrama is that the story is too obvious. One of them gets sick.Delayed.. But this movie is wrong..The calm music and the screen are beautiful.The innocent emotions of the past are alive.Tears... It's the best romance I've ever seen
10,I'm sad... It was so good
9,Son Yejin's crying is pretty and Cho Seungwoo's acting is the best. It's a movie that smells like an old man
10,It's the movie of my life.
10,A movie that makes me wonder why I watched it now
10,It's the best movie. I cried a lot while watching it. It's always so good
10,It's like a pure movie Thank you.
8,Love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,First love is also an old fortune. a long-awaited supplementSo don't be sorry that you couldn't finish your marriage.
10,It's so sad... Can a movie like this be made again?
10,I think I've seen it 20 times.The best movie I've ever seen in my life
10,Everything's the best Actor Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting was also the best Really
10,The best movie of my life.A love story that resembles me.
10,The soundtrack reminds me of... a lingering film
10,How pure and affectionate love is in that era
10,It's the movie of my life...I hope you watch it.
10,Even if I watch it again and again... The best romance movie yet... A movie that makes you search on NAVER even though you watch it again and again
10,I'm tearing up. I'm tearing up in every sad scene while listening to Kwangseok's song.
10,I see you often. I'm happy. You're the best
10,Son Yejin is so pretty!@@@@!
10,I miss you. Seriously.
1,The rating doesn't make sense It's too high.
10,The second best movie after Im Sujeong's "Happiness"
10,I am sending you an old movie masterpiece now.
10,This movie is really a masterpiece!
10,I think it is the best Korean melodrama in my life.
10,It's the first movie I've seen in 13 years since its release. I think it's not the first place for the melodrama part.
10,I can't speak. It's my first time writing a review.
10,a nonsensical trick Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin... Including Lee Kiwoo... Ugh!
10,It's the best. It's so touching. It's a must-see movie
10,Good. It's so much fun
10,I regret watching it now I should have seen you 13 years ago. A movie that makes me cry...
10,Words can't describe it.a masterpiece
10,"Classic" itself. The best masterpiece with the motif of Hwang Soon-won's shower.
10,I define this as beautiful.
10,I can't sleep because of the lingering emotions
10,"Are you Jihye?" Sangmin's words sound so classic. Autumn has come again. I want to meet classical love on a deep autumn day.
10,It's a movie like a watercolor painting.
10,It's a classic movie.
10,Just the best masterpiece. I think I've seen it more than 10 times
10,There's no need for words.I think Son Yejin is the true queen of romanceEraser in my head...Classic...
10,Freshness and sentimentalness. the beauty of first love
10,It's a masterpiece. Tears...
10,I don't know how many times I watched it
10,I've seen the movie of my life more than ten times. I'll keep watching it. I love it every time I see it.
10,The movie that I want to keep watching...
10,It's OST goodHahaha
10,Will there be a movie like this in the future? All the men who watched the movie couldn't help but think of their first love after watching Ju-hee. A movie that I'm thankful for no matter how many times I watch it. I think the last coffee shop scene is the best in Korean melodrama history.
10,The movie is so beautiful.  Ost. Background. Everything about it is still lingering
10,I like it because it's sentimental. It's a movie with a different vibe
9,Such a beautiful classic
10,I think it's the best.It's sad...
6,Excessive sensibility is a double-edged sword
10,It was good because it was a movie where I could see pure and pretty love. It was even better because it's a feeling that you can't see in movies these days
10,Thank you so much  ~
10,The best movie of my life...
1,a two-generation love story of a golden kimchi girl
10,I saw this 3 times in the theater Son Yejin is really pretty
10,A movie that will shine as time goes by
8,I admit it's a good movie.But NAVER's Melo Movie Ratings are a bit tilted...
10,Is there any movie like this that's fun and exciting to watch it again and again?crying
10,Beautiful movie...An older but more beautiful film than an architectural introduction
10,I am confident that it is the best melodrama in Korea.
10,I'm going to find and sell the best movie out of all the melodramas that don't need words
10,Masterpiece 101010101010
10,They're asking if you're just the best... Son Yejinjo
10,It's very touching. Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo. Awesome
10,A real heartbreaking love story. I'll have to wait and see
10,There's no need for words.It's just the best. I can't get out of this lingering feeling for a while
10,The movie that made me log in because I don't log in often
10,It's a masterpiece that's worth watching now
10,The first movie that made me cry.
10,It's one of my favorite movies.
10,Best Korean Film
9,I think it's a representative Korean melodrama. It's a great movie that makes the eyes of the viewer moist without being too forced
10,How I first found out that Cho Seungwoo was cool
7,Son Ye-jin's acting overwhelms the audience.
10,People who love each other on terms never understand this movie.
10,It's definitely the best movie of my life
10,It's fun to watch it again. But it's sad
10,It's a pity that I didn't watch this kind of movie at the theater.
10,It's a movie that always makes me cry. My heart aches
10,It's touching every time I see it's always sad
10,The best movie of my life... It's
10,My favorite movie. 1010110
10,It's fun. Yeah! Cho Seungwoo...the best actor
10,By chance... By chance...By chance... but it has to be...You're the best!
10,a movie with a rating of ten
10,Thank you. Let me seeWest
10,It's like a melodrama
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's cafe reunion is the best Mongjangmyeon in Korean movies
10,It's a beautiful breakup is so
9,The Classic of Korean Melo Films
10,My favorite movie! Music videos are all perfect
10,It's just a beautiful movie
10,There's no need for words. The best Korean Melo
9,The theme and the movie go well together.
7,인It was worth watching except for his personality and acting skills.
10,A movie that made me like Cho Seungwoo. Sick love
10,Korea's Top 3 Tricks of Memories of Sad Love: A Love Story. Classic. Pure Love
10,The only movie that came in to get a rating. Unbelievable
9,It's a love story that goes well with the background music
10,...I cried a lot Thank you for making me feel this way.I cried the whole time
10,It's a movie with perfect harmony including the OST. Cho Seungwoo
10,They said the content is also the content. The OST is really an art. The Tower of Korean Melo.
10,It's a shame that I couldn't see it at the movie theater because I was young at the time A beautiful melodrama that doesn't come out these days. It's not going to come out anymore.
10,Every scene is the best
10,A movie you must watch on a rainy day. I think it's the best romance movie in Korea
10,It's a movie to watch before you die.
10,It's a masterpiece. Thank you
10,the greatest movie of all time in Korea
10,This movie is still fun after 10 years.
10,Acting and music... They're all amazing.
10,It's a masterpiece that I watch without saying a word.All I can hear is applause.
10,An excellent work about the memories of love and friendship that anyone would have experienced back in the 60s and 70s. A masterpiece that shines in 2016 too!
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words  Watch and judge
10,Such a good movie. Thank you very much^^
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
10,I think it is such a beautiful movie.
10,the most wordless work
10,The movie feels fresh even with poor acting.A movie I can't get enough of. It's a movie I want to watch again. It brings back memories.
10,I think it's the best romance in Korea.
10,Innocent. Painfully innocent. As time goes by...I don't know if there'll be another pure movie like this
10,Let's get it together. The best movie in the world
10,I think it's a movie that's so heartwarming and fluttering. I can't get rid of my lingering feelings.
10,It's touching every time I see it
10,Is it possible in that kind of pure love? I want to have such a beautiful love.
10,The best movie of my life. It's so sad to see it again after a few years. A sad but beautiful story.
10,My favorite emotional movie...I think I've seen it more than 10 times.A movie that makes me cry every time I see it.
10,There is no need for words. It's a masterpiece
10,My favorite movie
10,I don't like romantic movies but I watched it until the end
10,It's a movie that lingers after watching it many times
6,Son Yejin was pretty and the song was good.
10,Best Masterpiece ^^ Spring No
10,It's the best movie of my life that's always fun and exciting
10,What words do you need? The best
10,There is no need for words. It's just my favorite movie
10,It's been 12 years since I've seen it. I know why people call it a masterpiece
10,The best romance movie in Korea.
10,It was the best movie for me.♡ I watch it whenever I think of it.My heart... ♡
10,My life movie...
10,Son Ye-jin's golden days. She's so beautiful that every time she's zoomed in on the screen. The movie is perfect by itself.
10,I was watching it again and I was crying.crying
10,Will there be a romance movie that will surpass classical music in Korea?
10,The best movie of my life is really solid and beautiful
10,A movie that's sad that I couldn't see it in the theater.
10,A movie that is so beautiful and lingers in my mind.
10,I think I'm lost in many thoughts  Feelings I wouldn't have felt if I hadn't really seen this movie. It's the best movie ever
10,!! Computer host virtualization will not say no
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,It's so sentimental even when I see it again. It brings back memories.
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,I wonder if there will be another masterpiece like this in the future
9,It was so much fun when I got older.
10,It's already been 13 years...It'll flow more and more...
10,It's the best movie. It's really sad
6,The actors' good acting and the synergy of obvious but touching stories are good.
10,A masterpiece of masterpiece...Top
9,Sad love. I think it's a tragedy that daughter and son meet again
10,The movie that I really liked the video and OST...
10,Wow... I applaud you...
10,Wow... It's a movie that makes me
10,It's the best. A must-see movie!
10,I miss you...Suddenly
10,The most beautiful love I've ever seen
10,It's the best. It's new and sad every time I see it. The best movie of my life!
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting is nothing. I get emotional every time I see them
9,Thank you for the beautiful and sentimental movie
10,Korea's best romance that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece...Make sure you watch it
10,It's the first movie that touches my heart no matter how many times I watch it
10,I want to see it at the movie theater. I've taken care of it a few times at home
10,The best movie to look back on those days
9,It's a good movie...
1,I think it is a disgrace to Korean movies. The rating is really interesting. Did I watch another movie by myself?
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,I remember the scene with Ost
10,It's been a while since I last saw this movie. I think I'll keep thinking about it
10,I miss you so much our memories that day
10,I admire the actors' acting skills again
10,It's a legendary melodrama.
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,It is old but more beautiful.
1,Where did this ridiculous rating come from?
9,It was love that hurt so much.
7,I think it's a movie that recalls the preciousness of love and the time of breaking up with a forgotten lover
10,I got goosebumps. It's so good
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,A movie that lingers every time I watch it again for more than 10 years
10,I'm 43 and I cried again
10,It's really my life... It's fun to watch it again!
10,I got goosebumps.Acknowledged as a masterpiece
10,I cried after watching it with my dad
10,It breaks my heart to think of Jun-ha.
10,It's a movie that always makes my heart flutter
2,The lines are so cheesy that I can't watch them. I can't relate to them
10,It is the best Korean movie in the genre of romance. The scene where you run while playing the song is the best scene
10,I want to watch it again and again. The movie love that I remember is so beautiful that it makes me sad
1,Don't let too many people fall for the ratings. A movie that doesn't even deserve a point. Does anyone who enjoyed the high score and impressive performance find drama acting skills these days? They say it shouldn't be viewed from the perspective of the times. The advanced masterpiece is a masterpiece even years later.
10,I'm so excited and I think I'll be number one on my melodrama forever.
10,I think I want to see a beautiful and sentimental movie again when it rains. It's the best.
10,I remember the fresh but heartbreaking first love of my life. Thank you
10,What a disturbing movie!
10,It's a waste not to watch a movie like this in my life
8,Cho Seung-woo's eyes are really excited when he follows Son Ye-jin and appears under the street lamp. I'm crazy about you right now. The eyes seem to say.
10,I've seen it more than five times.
10,It's so much fun no matter how many times I watch it...I'm getting drunk
10,It is a movie that makes my heart beat even now after the movie. I hope this kind of movie will come out often in the future.I think I'll be able to fall asleep in a good night.
10,A masterpiece of the masterpiece!
7,The running time is too long. The ending felt delicate.
10,Even an obvious story is fine. It's okay if it's a story that doesn't feel real...It's an obvious love story that moistens my broken and broken heart.The best melodrama for me.
10,It's my 5th time to binge watch. I'm crying. What should I do with this kind of love? The pure heart for the other person is amazing. The meaning of this movie will not fade even after time passes
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen in my life. It became my life movie.Why did I watch it now?
10,A movie that you watch again when you feel dry. I think it was the best melodrama in Korea. the height of a beautiful film
10,It's so touching and heartbreaking
10,It's my first time to get a rating. Thank you for coming out on such a well-made movie
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
3,My hands and feet shriveled up after seeing Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin's poor acting.
10,I cried so much while watching it
10,He's so good at everything.Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo had great acting skills 10 years ago...Background music and photography are also beautiful.Great directing skills...I'm not tired of more than 2 hours...One thing that's unfortunate is...Jo In-sung's acting skills
9,Love that hurts too much was not love. I didn't expect this word to sound so sad.
10,I guess so. The movie that fits OST really well. The movie that made my heart flutter... The movie that I realized that Son Yejin was pretty in the past and now... It's the best movie ever.
10,a work short of ten pointsThe first love story of two beautiful lovers who become favorites on a rainy day.
10,A movie about youth and love
10,It is a movie with a prettier background because it is a movie before OO than it is beautiful now. I'm heartbroken.
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,Necessity exists. It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words.
7,What's the crime of Cho Seungwoo's wife? crying
10,A beautiful movie with a fresh and pure love story.
10,I watched this movie with my mom for the first time today. I regret why I watched it now
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,It was a movie that made me feel good and my heart ached. I hope these movies will be made in the future.
10,A sad movie that reminds me of the word "best"
10,It's a movie like "First Love" where you miss and miss someone while drinking tea.
10,CHOI JIN HOE is one of the top 5 best movies of my life
10,Movies that you can see with your eyes and hear with your ears. Korean melodrama classic that will be remembered for a long time
10,My favorite movie. It's a movie that even makes the OST emotional
8,The classic of a classic romance movie. Cho Seung-woo's innocent eyes were cool. It's a movie that's like a movie
10,The scene where Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin run on campus wearing a jacket on a rainy day will be memorable forever The music and story background of this movie still remain in my mind 10 years later
10,It's a really touching movie
10,My second favorite movie after Interstellar and the most memorable Korean movie. This kind of melodrama is not sincere anywhere in the world. Son Yejin's acting in the rain with Jo In Sung and wanting to have this kind of love at the university campus...It's really a fantasy movie
10,One of the 10 best movies of my life...Son Ye-jin shows pure beauty and Cho Seung-woo's unspoiled acting is so beautiful
10,It's a beautiful movie. I can't think of anything else but this... movie that brings me back to memory
10,The best movie of my life movie.I'm really sad.
10,It's a masterpiece that Son Yejin took when she was in her prime.  I'm reminded of that feeling again.
10,It's the best movie ever. There's no need for words
9,a truly evocative film
7,the sorrow of reality predatory of pure love
10,It's my favorite Korean movie
1,The emotions of the new wave must be shallow
10,I saw it because it's a masterpiece. The story is amazing
10,Son Yejin is the best.
5,You should look at this movie from the modern perspective that it looks tacky. It is the first time that I shed tears because of yawning while watching a movie.
10,It's the best movie that I love it
10,Now I know why people recommend this movie so muchInnocence about first love... A heartbreaking story touches my heartIt's really a masterpiece ^^
10,The movie that I watched exactly 27 times. But it's fun and touching.
10,This is really awesome. "Let's go meet now" is more fun. This is also "Um."
10,Why did I watch this movie now? I'm crying.
8,Love that hurts too much wasn't love. - Kim Kwang Seok
10,I think it's a really pretty love story even if I look at it now!
10,I liked foreign melos more... It's a movie that broke that prejudice.
10,I skimmed through it and watched it again when I was young. I cried over and over again and again. The heart of the person I love is so pure and pretty. I was moved by that innocence and cried happily. Thank you for making me feel desperate
10,The best Korean movie music reminds me of a movie.
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's life work
10,I'm studying for the entrance exam... I watched classical music.
10,I know why it's a masterpiece It lingers for a long time
10,Ah... It's so beautiful!
10,It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. He's the best in Korean romancea thrilling movie
10,I cry no matter how many times I see it
10,The movie that I looked for when I heard that my favorite person likes this movie. I still think of this movie sometimes. Especially on rainy days
10,I don't understand people who give 1 point because the rating is too high.--
10,I watched the movie again after 10 years. It was sad and sad again. I was so into it that I didn't know how time went by.
10,It's been 12 years. The story is so beautiful
10,Some say it's childish.  I'm not sure. How many people won't be hurt by this?
10,A movie that you won't regret even if you watch it many times!
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,I finally got to see it and it was really fun. It was more fun to watch it with my mom
10,I saw it today and it's really fun and touching. :)
10,It reminds me of the saying that first love doesn't come true.
10,The harmony of music and scenes leaves a strong impression on the movie
10,It's a masterpiece...
10,The first love movie is getting sentimental
10,The best movie I've ever seen... Touched Tsunami
10,It's fun. It's sad and touching
10,It's a really good movie
10,Son Yejin's acting is really goodI don't know if I can watch a movie like this again.It's really lingering
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words. It's a masterpiece because there aren't as many romance movies as this
10,I felt it while watching the movie. I can express my heart in a pure way like this... I couldn't stop crying the whole time I watched it
10,It is heartbreaking that Kim Kwang-seok's too painful love that came out when he was reunited with Cho Seung-woo at the cafe was not love
10,It's the best even if you watch it againHaha
10,It is the best Korean movie of my life.
10,You can see it now.It's a movie with a strong story and great acting
10,I've watched the best movie of my life over and over again
10,There is no need for words
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's good. The movie I want to watch again
10,Love is the best art that humans do
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now?
10,There's no need for words. It's just a masterpiece
10,A sad movie. Is there really this kind of love?
10,a long-lasting film
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,There aren't many lines either... It is such a pretty movie with really cute details. The movie of my life movie.
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me cry just by listening to the song. A movie that I have to watch and die
10,There's no need for words.
10,A movie I want to watch again.
10,Best movie of all my life - Toothpaste
10,The most horrifying movie of all Korean movies was the first movie to be rated!
10,A movie that I happened to watch but I will never regret watching!
1,A cheap new movie with a story frame borrowed from Hwang Soon-won's shower and a moderate amount of romance
10,This is a work that came out on the Internet CSAT
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,12 years later... The actors haven't aged at all.
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh is there another movie that makes me excited and humming while watching this movie at 45 years old...
10,I just feel so desperate
7,Have a sentimental and pretty movie Good
10,The most unforgettable movie in my life. It really lingers in my mind.
10,Raise your hand if you watched it because of the scenario
10,A movie that shows the pure love of teenagers that you can't feel now
10,The best movie I really recommended
10,I recommend the best movie
10,The movie made me feel the heartache and excitement that I had never felt before. And Son Yejin's beauty is the best.
9,I'll give you 9 points for the overall score.
10,Why can't I get enough of this movie even if the acting isn't refined? A movie you can't get enough of.a solid structure
10,The saddest and warmest movie I've ever seen...
10,Does my heart hurt?Old movies are more interesting
10,I regret what I saw now and thank you for what I saw now. There's a touch of calm.
10,It would be better to see you again when you get older. It's so touching
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
10,It's a masterpiece. The best is Niza
1,A movie with bubbles...
10,A movie that makes you cry like a waterfall. be beautifully sad
10,I regret seeing the movie 12 years later. It is the best movie that I have to watch in my life. I envy the person who hasn't seen it yet. I can feel the emotion of watching it again
10,A movie that makes you want to date.Sometimes I like movies with this feeling.
10,I'm so sorry for those who didn't watch this movie
10,I can't help but admit it even from a man's perspective.
10,Beautiful movie. I cry every time I watch it.
10,Oh... I cried...
10,It's a great movie. Now the word 'classic' has become a good movie.Hah!
1,It wasn't as good as I thought.
10,The best romance movie in Korea.Son Yejin was so pretty and the OST was so good.a movie that suits all kinds of characters
1,A movie that doesn't even make sense of ratings as well as being in the ranks of masterpieces. 1 point to get rid of the bubble. / The last scene is really a few steps down the value of the movie
10,A movie that's fun to watch again!
10,the highest peak of Korean melodrama
10,It's a movie that makes me laugh and cry every time I watch it. It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I watch it!
10,I watched the last movie...It is very good. It is a moving movie.
10,I want to see you at the movie theater
9,a poignant movie
10,This movie is still the best movie in Korea after 12 years
10,I can't get enough of this movie
10,The movie that I knew beforehand that it's fun...It's always not as good as I expected.The movie classic's rating of 9.33 is not surprising at all.I got emotional explaining the plot to my mom.
1,I watched a movie like trash for an hour and turned it off. I once again feel that a movie with a favorite group of teenage men should not be watched no matter how high the rating is.
10,It's a very touching story. The OST and the main character's acting are the best
10,Son Yejin is really... Wow. It's good to watch it again and again
10,It's just a movie that makes my heart flutter every time I watch it
10,The first movie I watched with tears in my eyes
10,It's kind of disappointing...a pretty movie
10,More than 10 letters
10,The essence of romantic movies that never existed before and never will be...
10,It was the best melodrama I've ever seen
1,It's not a movie to come up with
10,The story of my parents' first love. Thank you.
4,The tackiness of thinking about how to look the most beautiful
10,My dreamy days... He...
10,I think a masterpiece is a masterpiece.
10,The number one Korean movie I've seen so far has been public. The first place changed today.
10,My favorite movie!
10,10 out of 10!
10,The best movie of my life... I don't know what I need to say.
10,I couldn't sleep and I really enjoyed the movie that has a lot of aftereffects.I want to have this kind of love in real life I log in for the first time in my life and leave a rating.
10,I hope you watch it
10,A movie that you watch when you think of it
10,I just saw it and I can't believe all these great movies are here. It's a really big movie
10,Make sure you watch it. I recommend it's really...
10,Love... true love...
10,A rare movie that lingers for a long time even after watching it.
10,Why did I see this now?Kim Kwang Seok's song is so sad...
7,a childishly innocent film
10,I lost track of time
10,A movie that lacks the word "beautiful"
10,The best romance in Korea! I don't think there'll ever be
10,I think it's better to focus on the movie with the best background and OST Korea's Best Romance Movie
10,What a beautiful movie...I can't get rid of the lingering feeling.
10,It's such a masterpiece. It's so obvious these days. I can't focus on this. It's so deep. I'm glad I watched it
10,I can't help but love actress Son Yejin! What a beautiful movie!
10,I think everyone dreams of this kind of love at least once. It's so beautiful.
6,I'm a little childish
10,I think it is a movie that expresses the beautiful and heart-fluttering first love very well.It's raining today^^
10,Make sure to watch it!I'm 100% sure I don't regret it
10,It's just the best. I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I see it. I love the analog scent of that time
10,I watched it to sleep but it was fun so I watched it all. Tears are on the house (Korean book tone
10,Innocent. Good.
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Unquestionably the best...I'm so touched
10,It's a masterpiece. It was nice to see such pure and clean love.
10,Why am I crying when I saw it again after OO?
10,Why don't you release Blu-ray? I can't wait. I want to keep it.  A movie that's good to watch again. A good music
10,I want to love like this...
10,That love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,A masterpiece. I don't need any more words This is a masterpiece
10,It's a shame that I've finally found out about such a good movie
10,It's a masterpiece that touches my heart in years!
10,Gina-Tter-Got-Sota-Ta-Ta-Ta-Ta-Ta
10,The best movie by my standards!
10,It is a masterpiece that is not an exaggeration to win the first place in Korean romance movies.It is too bad that many people didn't know this movie and didn't watch it.It's an exciting and lingering movie Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it
10,It's so beautiful. Keep ringing my heart like this
10,My life movie. The best movie I can't forget from the first time I saw it. Cho Seungwoo acts really well and every line is like a poem
10,I don't need to say anything else It's just the best.
10,It's the best movie ever It's vivid even if it's over OO
10,Thank you so much for making this great movie ^^
10,It's not tacky. It's classic.a must-see movie
10,It's childish but I can't stop crying.
10,It goes without saying that it's a masterpiece You have to watch it
9,the completion of the Korean version of the love story
10,I really liked Cho Seung Woo's acting.
10,It's a cheesy but exciting movie!
10,Pathetic love...Good....^^
10,It's just... Son Yejin is going crazy
10,I think it's the first time in my 20 years of life that I cried so fondly...I wish I could have a love like that.
10,There is no need for words. It is a movie that purifies the eyes and ears.
10,It was so pure and clean.
10,A movie that you want to watch when you miss the fresh analog emotions
10,There is no need for words. It's just the best
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A movie that's worth watching even after time passes
10,Wow... Very good...
10,I'm more excited because it's childish.
10,It's the best love story that reminds me of the memories of my first love story.
10,I'm so sad that I finally watched this movie
10,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
10,a film so full of lyrical sensibilities that are essential to this era
10,It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece. It feels like I watched a proper movie in a long time
10,I cried while watching it. There was someone I loved. You'll never see me again.I miss you. I want to hug you.
10,You have to cry the whole time you watch a masterpiece
10,The music and the story are so good...
10,Goosebumps... It's the best romance I've ever seen!
10,I can't believe that a movie like this was made in this era
3,I've never been single before. I've been with Kevin for 30 years
5,I think the second one is more fun than the first one. The first part wasn't fun enough.
4,Why would you have a fight with a kid? Your family is crazy. hopeless
5,one of the easy comedies
6,The cuteness and exhilaration that captivates the public
4,A movie that comes to mind on Christmas. Kei! Bin!
4,For Christmas VOD~^^ LOL
1,I heard you're a cabin junkie.
1,What is this? What movie is this?
2,2 is more fun
5,How many times have I seen this?
1,Ratings... Ha...
1,I watched the 4th episode of "Home Alone" and had a dog shock
1,Not really... Not really...
3,.................................................................................................................................................
1,I got 1 point because I was sick of watching it on holidays
1,be shameless
1,The title is ridiculous
1,He's a disrespectful family who left the youngest at home
1,A point for a ridiculous little boy
1,a great deal
1,Alone? No loyalty
1,1 point for the little one who lost
1,a piece of work that one can't even look for after one's loyalty
1,I don't think he's a big boy.
1,You're home alone without loyalty
1,It is not in the top 10 rating range.Rating adjustment
1,Rating adjustment
1,It's for the holidays.LOL
5,Almost at the end it's a bit cruel but a bit funny.^^
1,KEVIN --
1,What is the standard for movies that received a lot of stars in Naver's rating?  9.35 is not serious.
2,It's a ridiculous rating. It's a waste of 4 points
1,I'm sick of seeing you often. I don't know why you gave me such generous ratings below.
4,There are still some nerds playing with Kevin. ^^ Let's change to Lord of the Rings like you
1,I'm home alone.
1,Not good.
3,an incomprehensible high rating
1,have too high a rating
1,have too high a rating
1,Please adjust the rating
1,Is this a movie? It needs to be multi-cellular girls
3,not very interesting
5,It's so childish. Okay
1,The rating is too high
1,It's fun?
6,This is now the reality of developed countries around the world
1,Can I say it's a masterpiece?
1,Children's movies... Childishness
1,I can't understand the rating of this movie.
1,The seven-point range is appropriate
1,Top 40 is just right...
1,be funny and cheerful
1,It's childish as I get older
1,I don't recommend it
6,It's just a movie for kids... It's not good to see them when they're all grown up A movie that reminds me of my childhood
1,Not really
1,a matter of fact
1,It's not fun
1,What is this...
5,The best in the killing time world...
1,It's so funny
1,I've seen it so many times
6,It might be funny to see it for the first time. I watched the first movie when I was about two years old
1,I'm not having fun.
1,Macaulay Cultin... The main character! I'm doomed... Get on with the drugs!
6,It's a movie series that's too much to chew on.
1,A movie that vaguely cultivated my longing for America when I was young
1,This is really fun
6,It's not that...
1,Are you kidding me?
1,Is the rating good enough?
1,Always rehash
1,fall into the ground
1,It's not fun
1,a boring story
1,It's not funny
4,Time killing. The composition is far-fetched.
1,I don't really...
1,You're childish.
1,It's a waste of time
1,I'm tired of it
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,What is the end of childishness?
1,I don't want to see Kevin anymore on Christmas.
1,This isn't funny. I don't know if it's just my mood or my boredom.
6,I don't get tired of it and it's so much fun.
1,Childish children's movie!
1,I deleted it while watching it.
6,Western culture that I studied... I think it's based on that.
1,It's for elementary school kids or family killing time. This is 9 points?
1,What is it?
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,I'll join you in control
1,Need to adjust..
2,Soje and his characters show power +2. But American entertainment empathy loses power
1,I'm sick of it
4,To kill time
1,a holiday nightmare
1,It's a Dish Inside trick. / Disappointed. / Don't be fooled
1,I'm so annoyed
5,It's still the best thing to do on Christmas.
1,Why is this
1,by a hair's breadth
1,CAVINUM DRUGGER-LIKE COLOR HWI
1,Stop it!
1,Stop looking. Memorize the lines
2,Isn't the title depressing?
3,It's boring every time I see it. Except for picking out bad guys.
1,This Christmas...Please...
1,Why is the rating so high? The American will laugh.K
5,I'm so tired of movies.
1,I'm sick of it
1,10 points for some bases or Buddha haha
1,Light operating shoes
1,Why is the movie "Childishness" 9 points?
1,Please don't rerun the garbage
1,Did you give 10 points to all elementary students?
1,What kind of masterpiece is this movie?I don't understand.
1,I heard you were on drugs and driving under the influence.
6,A movie that comically depicts darkness in American society.But...
1,9.28 points? That's too high. I'll let you down.
2,Don't show trash movies in the top ranks
1,Kevin is not even old
1,The rating is too high.
1,A movie with nothing left!
1,Christmas
1,KEVIN is
1,Bored with;;
1,s
1,You needless sequels. be not fresh
3,The money-making sequel is out and the original doesn't look good.
1,Totally childish
1,It's like they're systematically mobilized and graded.
1,I want to stop watching it crying
1,Well. ;;
4,It's not so pleasant to me
1,Is this a movie? It's not good for the kids either
1,x
1,How do you watch movies?
1,KIN
1,I can't stand it because it's so childish.Why isn't there a zero point?
4,That's so cruel
1,It's so much fun
5,It is so much fun. I always think about Christmas
1,This movie is why I like Christmas
3,Upham is so frustrating. It's boring as a whole.
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too muchThere were some boring parts in the middle.
2,Ryan's the only precious son?It's an angry movie
2,The movie that killed an incompetent captain and an incompetent soldier
6,Killing 10 people and saving one.
5,It was too long to watch. I was impressed by the firefighter watching my colleague die.
1,A true memory of murder.
1,It's so cruel that it's a movie that makes you squeamish
1,Upham spy!
6,A much more ordinary war movie than a reputation
1,How to develop traffic software
1,Kimhae Air Force Space and Space Administration Yoon Dong-Yo
5,It seems like the name is bigger than the movie
1,It's not Lee Jung Don. It's about 8 points
6,Upham development cancer should die
6,Many are sacrificed to save one
1,I can't watch it because it's so cruel
4,Except for the initial battle scene
1,It's too boring to look at right now. I'm disappointed for my reputation
6,Think about and accept death in the movie one more time. I think I need to think ^^
6,It was worth watching--
1,I don't like it. yes
6,Tom Hanks comes out of his element. have a dual personality commit one's men to death But do you deserve to be sad?
6,an American-scented film that illustrates the horrors of war
1,It's a movie that's hit by the American pop!  I watched it again in my memory of having fun watching it. It's completely dull and boring
1,It was a movie that was not as interesting as John 1 so far. The Korean flag is more interesting
1,I'd rather watch a World War II documentary than watch this
1,Boring and not very funny. I realized again that someone else is a masterpiece and that it's not a masterpiece for me too
6,I don't know if this is a masterpiece
1,This is not a point. I want to give 11 points.
1,I burst out laughing while watching it. angry and irritableIt's not funny.
6,Spielberg needs to study more about the inside of human beings. It's not a movie to be highly praised
1,Probability and empathy for events and characters ZERO.This is just a Pax America promotional video.
5,It's just detailed
5,It is one of my father's best three favorite movies
5,an unimpressed war movie
2,I don't know why it's so boring even though it's a classic of war movies.
5,a disappointing film Ryan came out in the second half and I'm not impressed at all.
5,Saving Ryan Giggs
1,an overrated movie
1,I can't believe so many people died to save one. The dead crew must have parents.
4,The excitement and the fun of dying trying to save Ryan was bound to be expressed in vain
1,It's boring for an hour
6,I just don't understand why this movie is a masterpiece. Is the story about praise for America?
1,an absurd story in which a unit is exterminated to save one personElementary movies that focus on attractions
4,I don't like it
2,I don't know what's funny. It's much better to fly the Korean flag
1,American supremacy
1,Is this a masterpiece?
1,I hate America because of Iraq
1,American supremacy
1,The national team is a million times more fun.
1,Saving the National Team
6,I'm so bored
2,I've seen a lot of war movies. It's my first time watching it as hard as this movie. It makes me feel bad
3,An ironic situation in which you pray to God while killing your opponent
1,A fantastic combination of a pathetic coward and an incompetent boss. The last miracle is far-fetched.
2,I'm so disappointed.I can't find a war scene that's boring and cool
6,It shows the brutality of the war in plain sight.
6,The story was poor and boring.It's just a movie like that.
4,a sickening war film that covered the horrors of war with entertainment and American chauvinism
6,It's more disappointing than I expected.
1,It's not funny
1,It's not funny
1,What's with the guys who say this isn't funny?
1,It's not fun at all
1,I was bored the whole time watching
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,not much
1,This is fun
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?
1,It didn't hit home much;;
1,It wasn't good for me compared to the rumor
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,a masterpiece of unremarkable director Spielberg
1,It is better to fly the Korean national flag. The rating is wrong.
5,I guess I'm weird because I fell asleep while watching.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
5,There's nothing to watch in this movie. Phew...
1,Watch the Band of Brothers. This isn't even a movie.
6,It's just a simple trick.It's full of fun. The meaning isn'
6,Other than the war description... It wasn't good.
1,I really fell asleep while watching it.
1,It reminds me of Call of Duty.
2,Platoon and below are not considered war movies.
1,Private is saved by the sanitarians. Don't worry!
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This place is... In order for our Russian music to spread... Well
4,I was bored and fell asleep.
5,a sophisticated and beautifully wrapped American conservative ideology
1,It would have been more fun if I was 18 years old
1,Aren't you overestimating me? I'd underestimate it. 5 points
3,I don't know what you're trying to say.Maybe you're trying to teach America
3,Why is this movie the main body of a war movie?
5,A boring war movie.
1,I didn't like Ryan. It's too high
1,People who think this movie is the best don't understand.
1,Spielberg is always after the first... Eight points
2,If you watch the video...
5,I didn't like it either...There are so many different preferences...
1,--;; It is a disappointing work in many ways. I don't care about the feelings of an individual's feelings
1,-- There's not much to the movie I'm so disappointed
1,I've been looking for my colleagues. " "I'm not going back." OO! OO! It's in vain
1,moving
1,That's not good...
1,The Korean flag is low
1,Where are the winners and heroes in war?They're all victims. They'really
1,It's a movie that's really long and has only Ryan saved
5,The shell of the heroic air charade of the American people
1,The ending is so empty!
5,the most American movie
6,You just have to call in.I had to do the Vietnam War.
5,American Film for America by America
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,A movie worth keeping.
6,a movie that was uncomfortable because it was so American
2,a fairly Hollywood film
1,I don't like being honest
5,I don't like it... Is it just me?
5,The Korean flag is better
1,The best war movie is Taegukgi~~~~Lion go~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
1,I
1,What's so cool about a limb amputation? Are you out of your mind?
1,The Pentagon's promotional film... Disgusting.
1,100 points for the real war scene + The movie is about trash
1,100 points for the real war scene + The movie is about trash
5,an interesting setting An obvious story.
6,I can't really relate to the machine's feelings
1,I slept without realizing it.
1,Just a children's masterpiece movie. a rating adjustment
1,A perfect movie to watch on the last day of Jeju Island
1,I hate robots that don't talk to me
4,It's so boring. Why is it so fast?
6,Warm robot. More human than human
5,Elementary school students will like it
1,I don't know why people say it's fun.
1,Does it make sense that it's higher than Toy Story?
6,It was so cute and the friendship of my friends was cool and I slept well
1,Why is this rated high?One point is a waste
1,It's not as fun as lol
6,No matter what you go through with Disney...
1,It's not enough for Toy Story. Toy Story is Pixar itself. The perfect trilogy.
1,I'd say it's the worst movie ever.
2,Even elementary students don't watch this.
1,I don't think it suits me. It must have been boring because there were few conversations in the movie.
6,It's a bit touching to say that it's good and cold to say that it's perfect.
6,The setting was good
1,It's the only movie with a high rating that I don't understand why it's high.
1,slept
1,The love of robots... not yet...
1,Eva! Eva! Eva!It's
1,I can't believe I got a higher rating than my avatar.;; It wasn't that much.
4,It was a bit of a forced.
1,It's not fun
1,a dog-eat-dog
1,It's a movie that makes you sleepy.That's ridiculous. The rating...;;
2,I wasn't having fun.
6,a philosophically significant film
1,Let's not be fooled by the ratings
1,I swear at the person who made this. I don't want to see this.
1,I don't think it's a movie with a high rating
5,It was a bit childish but fun
1, as it is
1,It's kind of... No big deal
1,What is this...
1,the worst
1,It's just ridiculous that I got more than 9 points
1,I'm so sleepy that I'm getting cursed at
6,a masterpiece that reveals Pixar's limitations
4,What is this?
1,What is this?
1,Is this higher than the national team?
5,Pixarini's rating is very high regardless of the story...
1,I don't recommend it
4,I'm bored. When I can't see anything else... An appropriate score of 6.2?
3,I can't feel much attraction except for the visual effects that are like live-action and colorful.
1,be in a rush
6,More fun in the eyes of a child ^^;;
1,I don't like this kind of thing
1,That's not fun.
1,I can't watch it because I don't have any lines.
6,What are you going to do in the first half hour?I think it'll be fun to watch from the middle.
2,It's too childish for a middle school student to see.But it was cute.
1,It was really boring. You don't know anything
1,It was a bit boring for me because other people gave me such a good rating.
1,Is my childhood innocence rotten? It's so boring
1,Good
6,She's so innocent.It's not funny
1,Boredom
1,The worst animation of my life that I don't know what the best is. It is waste of money.
1,There is a lot of foam.
6,Extraordinary 3D Animation Extensions After Toy Story
1,There's not much to see except Pixar.It's boring
1,I don't have jam.the worst
1,I don't know what it's about
1,It's not funny.
1,It's not fun at all.
1,It's really boring and boring;;
1,It's for elementary school students.It was boring for adults to see and I slept in the middle of watching
1,It's fun! But it's around 8.5 to 9th half.Don't just give me 10 points
1,It's so much fun
1,Yves and Eva. Is it the limit of Disney?
1,I didn't... I slept...
1,This trash movie
4,I don't have a pure heart.
1,not much
1,Are you kidding me?
1,It's a movie with 8 points
5,I dozed off a little bit because I had few lines.Well
1,It's so boring... I'm annoyed. I was completely fooled.
1,That's not good. Only my brother likes it.
6,Amazing combination of imagination and graphics
1,The story is a bit childish
1,a movie worth watching by children
3,10 points for being cute and creative. [7 points for being childish]
5,Was it over-expectation of Pixar... or over-expectation of Wall E...
1,The love between robots... is hard to understand for me with a stiff head. The kids like it.
5,This movie left me nothing
1,Please don't look at the real trash. I regret it
4,a story that is not very nutritious and obvious
1,I was fooled by NAVER's score. It might have been nice to see you when you were young.
4,CG technology is definitely improving...But it's no use if anything else is in place.
6,Perfect for expression and visual beauty. Disney only wants the world to be beautiful.
5,Only the eyes were happy... The story is...
6,A fitting encounter between cuteness and childishness.
1,I watched it with my nephews and nieces and nephews.There's a lot of fun... I think it's a movie for kids.
4,I'm bored. Was my expectation too high?
1,I almost fell asleep
1,Top
6,It was too big to be touched by this. I think it's good for the family.
2,Was I the only one who didn't have fun?
4,I really don't have much fun.;;
1,It's fun.
2,There are no lines... ...no content... ...only robots.It's really not good for me
1,Is there a zero point for the most sleepy movie?
5,a movie worth watching
1,What Annie...
1,What else is there besides being cute?
1,I'm having so much fun--
1,Talk to me. Talk to me
1,I can't be touched without lines
5,Boredom that overwhelms the occasional fun and emotion...-_-
1,Not to this level of rating - - -;
1,It's not fun at all
6,It was pretty fun!
1,It's not Annie
1,It's not fun... I don't even understand a robot alive
1,I don't think it's second overall
1,It was good that there weren't many subtitles. Isn't the rating too high?
6,New hope... It's an animation that's warm and has a good story.
1,a movie not worth watching
1,Is this kind of movie number one on NAVER? Are you kidding? Godfather is not in the list.
1,That's not fun.
1,There's not much to it. People don't know how to watch movies
6,Let's save the earth. A simple theme. It was fun. Ddaeng
3,I am generous
1,It wasn't fun because there was it wasn't fun
1,I was so sleepy that I suffered a lot of trouble. You need to watch movies with 3D technology
4,I trusted the ratings and got hit on the back of my head.Never watch anything more than a movie that elementary school kids will like
1,Childish.
1,I really didn't enjoy it
1,I personally don't like it
1,The people who gave me 10 points seem to have low standards... It's not 10 points!!!!!!!!!
1,a movie that ran out of the box
1,It is hard to admit that this movie is the highest rating for the whole movie.Just a movie worth watching
1,I don't understand why the weird thing is that the childish ones get more than 9 points~~
1,I thought I was going to die
4,The video is very good.The story isn't very good.The process of returning to Earth after being bored went too fast;
1,Disney... It's finally back to normal
1,That was the best movie ever
1,I am generous.
6,Cute but boring...
1,The story was too obvious.It's kind of boring.
1,It was boring
1,Fun.
1,You're so funny!
6,The only American animation that I could understand without subtitles -_- is not fun
1,an emotionless person
1,I saw this with my friend. I got cursed at
1,It's no fun. It's boring
1,Seriously boring.
1,Worst movie I've ever seen...The animation doesn't have any lines! Don't be fooled
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I was tricked.That's so childish.Are all the funny people young and young?
5,It's not fun...
1,childishness
1,I give you zero because... Dark Knight
1,Why wasn't it fun for me?
1,Everyone was sleeping and only they liked it. And the rating is too high
6,I think the rating is too much.It's just something to watch
1,It's a pity that our country thinks this is fun
1,a superlative film of boredom
1,The story is kind of like that
1,Ideas are the best.But if you can't stand Disney's one-track story that gives you unique dreams and hopes...
1,a rotten movie
1,Transformation robot is worth watching^^
1,It's so much fun It's been a while since I saw a good movie
1,I don't want to waste my mole
1,That's childish
1,I'm so sleepy
5,It's fun but childish
1,Boring all the time watching movies for young children.
6,I saw it clearly because the story was so right with what I expected
5,I miss Nemo and Ratatouille.
1,It's not that...
5,I got in trouble because I was boredI can't come out.It was such a waste of time and money.crying
6,The end was too short for a movie that took years to produce.
6,I can't understand this ratingIt's not that bad. It's boring if it's not fun
1,Thrack
1,I can't believe I paid for this.
1,It's totally for kids.
2,A robot like a scrap robot and an egg ghost Untouchable
1,a boring movie to watch
6,Disney cartoons for kids...Just Pixar made it...
1,For the kids...
6,That's not funny.  Only the character is cute... I held it in and watched it. I think it's for children
4,Age is under 13...It has a little childish taste.But the saddest thing is that Walle and Eve are voice actors.;;
5,It's fun out of all the animations.
1,I've never seen a movie where I felt that the rating was fraudulent. And why are there useless cartoons?
3,It's not fun
1,be dull and childish
1,The movie I don't understand the most. I watched it while dozing off
1,It's an obvious story and childish.It's not fun.
1,It's so boring Whoo! Whoo!
2,Why is a movie that's not fun to watch when you're an elementary school nerd? I'm annoyed by my part-time job
1,Throw it away
1,It's boring
3,What's this movie? This is ridiculous.
6,It's just a normal story. ;;;
1,Robots are robots. People are just people.The absurdity of trying to portray robots as too human
1,It's so much fun!
1,Because it's not fun
1,Humanization of insincere robots.
1,Do you think this movie is comparable to the Dark Knight?
1,Why aren't there zero stars?
1,It's a movie like elementary school student.
1,Is this a movie?
1,I don't need words!
1,I think it's way less than Ratatouille
1,I think it's about 8 points. Why is the score so high? I'm worse than Ratatouille
1,It's not that...
1,I heard you're going to jump over Ratatouille. Ratatouille is only 1 minute... I'm sleepy... I'm not that touched...
1,I wanted to go home
1,I was bored so I came out in the middle...
6,a series of disappointments
1,the height of boredom
1,I shouldn't have seen it
1,Not good.
1,I think you're really considerate of money
1,It's touching. But is it about 30 minutes in the beginning? I really fell asleep...Phew = 3
1,This movie makes me log in a film with a perfect rating
1,This movie isn't that great...It's not a movie that will get more stars than "The Dark Knight".
1,It's a little...
1,That's not good...
1,The rating went up too high.As someone who's disappointed with the score...Let's not manipulate the ratings...
5,It was so boring because there was no conversation.
1,Just.
1,A little bit of emotion and boredom...
1,Excellent graphics only. Just look at the children.
1,I was fooled by the perfect score.Just wanted a touch.What's this? It's a kid's movie!
1,I was so bored that I went out while watching it. It's so boring
2,That's amazing. I can't believe the score. Bored... for children.
5,This isn't it...
1,It's so boring
6,For children...
1,It's hard for kids to see and boring for adults.
1,What a waste of money
6,Is it a story about finding Nemo and other Pixar's reputation?
1,I'm bored to the point where I can't speak. The one who says it's funny is a baby
1,Very boring. Is the director sleeping? I'm going to make it work. I don't watch movies like this again.
1,I saw the digital subtitles on Yongsan CGV and it was not very impressive. I shouldn't have seen it.
1,I didn't like it.
6,Anime without lines is so boring. The desolate earth is so shocking.
6,I was disappointed with Pixar for the first time.
6,I didn't think it was funny
1,What do you mean funny? I don't think it's funny.
1,They just saw it. What's that? Jam? Money is a waste
1,I was sleepy. These high marks are Dodecce Moira &gt. &lt;
1,Bored... Honestly...
6,Romance of an unspeakable robot?
5,I was looking forward to Ratatouille.
1,Robot... you talk... talk... talk...The movie was so heartwarming that I fell asleep...
3,There was a boring side to it.
6,I enjoyed watching "Ratatouille" but it wasn't fun because I was looking forward to itT
2,Everyone came out and said they were sleepy.Only children are excited.
1,That's not funny
5,I'm not sure yet.
2,It's not that...
6,This is just right. I'm not impressed. I'm not funny
1,I couldn't watch the movie properly because I was dozing off.
1,I shouldn't have watched it because there were only kindergartens
1,It's boring and boring. What other lyrics are there besides "Wall e" and "Yves"?
3,Not really...
2,It was really boring...
1,Childish and uninteresting.............
1,It's not very...
1,I'll cut it short. I fell asleep while watching.
6,Kung Fu Panda is much better
6,I expected a funny AnnieBut why do I feel like I came out after watching the public service advertisement?Dark Night Ball girl
1,I shouldn't have seen it
6,I feel like it's not enough. It's good for the kids.
1,That's very annoying.
1,-_-; No words needed. Is this a movie?
1,That's childish... Really...A subjective opinion.
4,Ah... boring... ratatouille or kung fu panda is much more...
6,WALL-E: I want to sprain my neckLOL
1,Why did the Stars and Stripes come out?
1,If it was really not good -_- Sniff sniff
1,I don't like this
1,It was an ordinary movie.What?
2,Not really -___
1,It's really boring... Eevee!
6,It's just a movie for kids to watch
4,The video is beautiful and the robot is cool. But it's not fun. Genie 5 is better
1,I don't have any lines in the beginning. It's kind of like writing
1,I'm not interested in animations.Laughingering) Laughingering)
3,It's just loud and silent. I was bored to death for the first 30 minutes and the sound was so loud that I was annoyed
1,I've never thrown away my money like this before. What sf?
4,The introduction is too long. Phew... Boring.
1,Are you kidding me? What kind of movie is this with a rating of 9.5? Dark Knight is hundreds of millions of times more fun.
1,I can't believe this movie has a good rating. Mummy 3 is...What is this?
1,It's not funny --;;
3,It's boring. For elementary school students
6,I just saw it like that. One video is really awesome.
1,Children's cartoon goods!
1,not much
6,A family movie that's easy to watch with children
1,an unspeakable film
1,It was boring from the beginning without any lines I really don't like it
1,It's not that...
1,below expectations
1,It's totally invincible
1,Johnnie 5 Destruction Operation Slaughter
1,It's fun
1,It wasn't as good as I expected
1,It's unrivaled
1,Animated films... The children will love it. It's very high. Is it the power of elementary school students?
6,Look until you're 15 years old...
6,I wonder if we can look forward to Jami Malek's Michael Jackson story
1,I'm so bored. I'm sleepy
6,It's a rating given by someone who doesn't know much about movies
6,It's fun.
1,It's so boring. Just sleeping pills
1,What photo did you put on gold pieces? Can't you zoom in? Is the iPhone trash?
6,I wish I'd gained more weight. His lip-syncing acting is a bit disappointing
4,I don't know why the score is high. A four-point movie
6,Live Aid is worth more than two stars.
4,It is surprising that such a lousy movie is highly regarded. A movie that failed with a music movie or a documentary about Queen's life. Why didn't you let me hear your song properly?
6,Freddie Mercury successfully got on the bus!
1,There's no zero point. There's no zero point
1,No fun at all The worst movie of all time The quality of the movie is too old It's too analog and the story is all old songs
1,Green Book and this... I don't understand that gay movies are overrated
1,Boycott the Hollywood Pedos!
2,Why are these singer cosplay movies so overrated?
5,The Beatles John Lennon is greater than Freddie Mercury with AIDS
1,I can't wait to see your acting skills
1,What's so good about gay people with AIDS?
5,Story. "Roll it in and eat it." "Yum yum"
5,Homosexuality and AIDS have ruined the lives of outstanding artists
1,It's worth watching Quon Live Ade on YouTube
1,Why is it famous?
1,도Even Doonya becomes Hot돼
1,It's my first time to fall asleep while watching a movie
2,It's not good. It's boring and it's a waste of time
1,yes
1,A movie that only Koreans were enthusiastic about. The movie that was only hit in Korea all over the world. The level of Korean movies is very...
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's not as good.
4,"It might not be good for people who are not interested in bands"
4,I don't understand why such a movie is highly regarded as a music movie and attracts a lot of audiences.There are many more touching stories than this. I think it's purely because of Gurabal SNS. 20th Century Fox is no longer a big deal.
1,I want to give 0 point. I thought I was going crazy
2,There's so much distortion. I don't recommend it. I'm so touched.There are a lot of good songs
5,I thought the last concert editing was done on Mnet. Too many cuts
6,the mastery of characters and music
1,It's a dirty gay movie except for the song;;
1,It is a poor work in terms of workmanship. a concert movie
1,It's the worst music movie ever.
6,What's great about it?
4,Hold out until the live ade scene.
1,A film that is so overrated. The movie is about not only praising Freddie Mercury's good points but also explaining his bad points in an ambiguous way.
1,The rating is too high. What is clear is that a well-made movie is right. Eight points is appropriate.
5,a film that encourages coolness and excitement
6,A movie that's good to watch if you have time
2,The song was good. It's not fun and I don't know the story.
1,This is fun? I can't watch it because it's dirty. There are a lot of weird people
5,The first part is too cliche. All you have to do is watch the last concert scene. Or you can just watch the actual Queen performance video on YouTube.
3,I really want to watch a rock music movie ~ Not something funny.
1,It's a very highly rated movie. I dozed off while watching it. The male kiss scene is disgusting. It's much better to look it up on YouTube.  I don't know why it hit the box office with Interstellar. Whether it's trendy or characteristic of Korean people.
6,Genius is always a psycho
5,I think the old Ray is much more fun
6,I don't know if it's because I listen to music often...
6,I dozed off in between because I couldn't relate
1,This is an insult to Queen.
1,Gay movies that waste time
6,It's fun. I really like it And
3,Am I the only one who's not funny? I regret seeing it.
6,I think it was fun
5,Queen is great. But the movie is not worth watching.
6,It's just that I'm just so-so. There's a song that I can't relate to and I know the songBut I don't think I've got enough to lift anything more than emotion.
6,.... I don't know what to say.Hah!
1,The rating is too high.    Lower than Shawshank
1,The movie itself is evaluated.  It would be better to just watch the performance video.
2,No fun
4,Overall sacrifice for the final scene. I personally don't like gay stuff
1,I've seen Ddongkko's movie well.
1,I don't understand why this became a hot topic.a simple list of fsodsa contextless narrative development It's so boring that I'm angry.Even though I like Queen's songs. It's fortunate that I didn't watch it at the movie theater.  Save even a little money haha
4,Did you look forward to it? The concert scene is good! Failed to relate to the story!
6,Have a higher rating and the main character dies a film
6,Good. You're the best HJ: Ugh
1,It's just a rumor
1,The rating is crazy. Crowd mentality... lol
1,A tasting cannot be a meal
1,Are you interested in watching Solka's gay life and drug-ridden life? This is why the people of Korea hear hoops.
1,It's still showing for a million
4,The birth of Bohemian Rhapsody was more normal than I thought
2,It's really boring and I'm falling asleep--
6,It feels like I went to a concert
1,I can't believe I paid for this crap movie.
3,Amazing TV surprise high-quality version
2,Feels like I lost money... I think the movie is overrated because people watch it and follow it a lot on TV.
4,It's a memory fly if only the song is good
6,The actors got 10 points in sync and the rest...It was just like watching a calm documentary. It's nothing new as a generation of queens. I think it's one of the overvaluations brought by vague awe of geniuses in our country's unique unfamiliar fields
1,Gay people are not worthy of respect
5,Watching Freddie Mercury documentary on YouTube is a hundred times better
1,an insult to Freddie Mercury
6,A movie that makes you look for music from the '7s and '80s
1,Freddie looks so pathetic
6,Why is it still playing? He's trying so hard to get 10 million hearts. I gave him 6 points because it's disgusting
6,Music is the best because it's a queen song. It's not a bad idea for me as a movie
1,What do you like about it?Do you want me to understand homosexuality?
3,It's not fun to death of it's not fun
2,I don't understand why 9 million people watched this
6,It's just that. The song is good
6,Music doesn't mean it's not a boring story.
1,That's right. They're saying it's definitely good
2,What's so funny about this?
1,I'll give you 1 point because you're trying to get 10 million hearts
1,People who miss Queen's nostalgia seem to think highly of the movie as well.I can't believe that the only result of the character analysis is the protruding cavity.Only Ramimalek's over-acting performance was memorable.
1,What's this? A gay movie like OO
6,I think I've been to a Quon concert that I've never been to before
1,It's only fun in the beginning. It's so boring. This is a movie
6,It's boring until the end and only the last part is fun.
2,I was so embarrassed while watching it with my son.
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,The rating is too high. I don't know if you know that I get paid 100% by national tax or 6 million won a month for AIDS in Korea. Ninety-three percent of AIDS patients are gay. a male homosexual
6,I don't know if this movie is going to be this crazy...It's better to just watch the live ade on YouTube.
1,I don't know. The song is good but there's no story
3,Three points is zero percent. Haha
4,It was more boring than I thought
1,I can only see the armpit hair
1,Bohemian Rhapsody is an Oscar nominee
2,I don't recommend it to people who are critical of homosexuality. It was disgusting
4,I don't think it's as good as the average score
2,It's so boring and it's hard to get into character
6,I was offended by the way you described me as gay
2,I'm so tired of being gay...
2,It was the best movie of my life
6,The strategy of sacrificing the movie and putting everything into reproducing the performance
6,Crazy- It's still stuck to make 10 million. - A true zombie queen
2,Ugh! I hate it!
2,I don't know why they're so enthusiastic about this movie. It's not good... Watching Freddie Mercury live video on YouTube is a million times better and exciting.
6,That's a good way to play a bumper harvests.
1,The tragedy of homosexuality...
4,The legend is not to be touched recklessly.
2,Is there really no actor who would play Freddie who is macho masculine yet beautiful and confident like a sick Freddie Mercury? What's with his tone and voice?Other members are amazing
1,Chocolate cream purapuccino
6,I leave a rating on Mercury's life history rather than a rating on the movie.
3,the curse of homosexuality
2,I was looking forward to it. I don't know if it was a movie I don't see you again
2,The real queen of music movies is Hedwig
1,It's not worth a point. I slept well
4,I can't believe I'm ending the story in one line when the main character dies
6,It's just that kind of movie. I wasn't funny
6,Why is it a pop song from the past?
6,Answer the Hollywood version.
4,It's a box office effect on Queen's reputation. The movie itself was a poor piece that couldn't keep up with him.
1,I can fully understand why the rating is high after watching the movie. And I saw a fanatic.
2,a film that glorifies the dead with dirty gay venereal disease
1,It's not fun. - Lee Yeol-moo
6,It feels like I'm forced to fit music into the story
6,I'm sorry for the level of completion.
2,Homosexuality is the cause of AIDS
4,You're a bisexual or a homosexual?I stopped at AIDS than I did in the middle.
1,It's so boring... Bisexual? I don't like it
6,A style where expectations were high and disappointment was high
1,The parody of the music video came to the movie "Jeanor" and got an excessive rating
1,You're so generous! Ha ha.
1,Give me back my time...
1,Is it mob mentality?I can't relate to gay stories
6,It wasn't as good as I expected. But Queen's songs are really good
1,It's dirty. It's a waste of 1 point
4,It's disgusting. Homosexual dirty anchor
6,It was so fast and chaotic
2,The movie I don't like to watch at home. All the best songs I know are Queen's
1,Director GJ is a movie that the people will like
3,It was a disappointing movie.  It was such a disappointment!
1,I don't know how many times I closed my eyes while watching it
2,It's not funny at all.
1,I don't watch movies made by child rapists ^^
1,I'll give you 1 point because of your nose
6,It's not as fun as I expected.
1,A movie that made me realize that the end of homosexuality is AIDS
5,The movie itself is a well-made movie.  Five points off because homosexuality is glorified.  There's no poking scene. Can a 12-year-old watch it?
1,It's not fun at all. It's better to watch the music video
1,It's a movie where you sleep well after 10 minutes
1,Who casted Namjoo? I don't look like him at all
6,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it so much.^^;
3,I don't know what's funny. The flow was cut off and the sudden scenes felt uncomfortable. Just a YouTube performance video is better.
6,a film dedicated to Mercury for Queen
4,You're really doing it until the end to go over 10 million!
1,I don't understand why the rating is so high It's just boring.
2,Let's stop. I'm about to cry
1,It's crazy that this is ten million.  I got it for 300 won.  Five points are perfect.  1 point for a high score
2,I don't feel so good after watching the movieno lingering feelings
6,I didn't expect it to be this big of a hit in my point of view
1,-- It's not fun. I only remember sleeping
1,Korean people feel so caught up in rumors.
2,There are many things that are not easy to relate to
3,The movie was made by OO I felt that it was OO because of the forced development and editing I don't know what the movie was trying to show Freddie Mercury and I don't know what the focus is on Freddie Mercury is great and the movie looks good
1,I was sleeping for 30 to 40 minutes and came out of the theater in disgusting scenes of homosexuality. It's amazing that we get 10 million hearts
1,Rating required not more than 9 points than
1,That's not funny I got in trouble because I couldn't concentrate
5,It's really touching to see your passion for music. My armpit hair was so annoying. (Laughing)
1,gay and gay
1,What masterpiece... The development itself is something that elementary school students can make
2,It's not fun. It's just a movie that shows Mercury
6,A true artist! The melody that still lingers in my ears
5,The story is not good.Unprobably boring.
6,It's just a movie where a gay man with a natural talent for singing ends up dying of AIDS? ...I don't know why he's crazy about this movieDid he want to tell you that his life as a gay is lonely?Life on a dirt spoon is 100 times sadder and lonelier
1,1 point that's too high
6,The last scene of the concert worked hard.It's not fun at all
1,an insufferable gamified movie
1,Galileo! Galileo!
5,I wish I'd focused more on Queen's music than on Mercury's life history
1,Can't you smell Ddongkkko?
2,Gay advocacy film wrapped in a music movie. It was unpleasant throughout the movie with male kissing scenes
1,This movie can be defined in only two letters.." Gay "
6,Like a burning candle
1,The ending is kind of empty. I don't think it's a movie that can be this popular
1,Let's stop getting off now. Download it.T
1,I shouldn't have seen it. It's just
1,He said he was the one who got trailed for doing too much dungkko.You've been watching gay people
1,I was a little uncomfortable because I focused too much on homosexuality (more than half of the male actors were gay
1,I think this is playing for too long.
3,It was just like that. There's no cinematic dramatic element. It was difficult because I was gay. The story is a little weak to film. It might be fun if you like Queen music. I don't like Queen's music either.
4,Only Queen's music is memorable.
6,It's good. It's a late review
1,Is it a gay movie? Why do the directors and actors keep making gay movies and creating an atmosphere of media support and advocacy?
1,A low-grade movie that makes life sound like a gay man with AIDS
6,It was an opportunity to bring back memories
4,The song is really good~~
1,You don't know English. You made a drama game. You'd rather watch the performance than watch the movie
1,I'm not impressed. Maybe it's because I don't like movies like this
4,It's like arson. The blood of the Korean people flows in the movie
5,It's just a small thing
1,It's been three months since I've been playing it for more than 10 million
4,Was my expectation too high?Huh.
6,There's nothing special about it
6,Will it be 10 million or not?
2,Why are you watching this? It's not fun
1,It wasn't fun because it wasn't my favorite genre
6,The documentary about Queen from the BBC is better
6,Let's just get the song out and go. Let's not look alike in life.
4,It's nice and thankful that there are 10 million music movies
6,a shallow attempt to make up for the shallow depth and lack of film with masterpieces and stage reproductions
1,It's a waste of half a star. Nosamo or Korean traditional "Everyone" and sing along
1,Bohemi Absodi isn't doing it for too long
4,Joyo(((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))o
6,This is the only thing I could do with Queen. A work that shows too much of a low intention to just ride a PC coin with a legend that commands infinite respect from the bands. And it's just Freddie Mercury's life story
4,It's just a re-enactment of Queen Concert. 20 minutes before the movie started to stink."But the music is good." "Spring."
1,There is no probability in the story and no emotion in the concert.
6,Other people must make it
6,It's a good movie for those who knew Queen and those who didn't
1,I don't really like this genre.
6,9.47 Look at the level of bubbles. The level of sensitivity manipulation of the thumbs up... It's a six-point movie
5,I guess I exceeded my expectations. I don't think it was as fun as I thought.Yawning in the middle.It was a shame that I couldn't say much because it was a short time.
5,There's not enough narrative. The music video is good.
1,What the hell did you do that for? You don't want to talk? We don't want to see each other anymore?
6,The story is not fun. The setting is too childish. All you need to see is the live ade performance
6,It was worth watching.
6,A boring movie for those who don't care much about Queen.
6,The movie itself is...
6,It feels like the production is cutting off. I agree with the last performance
2,It was a documentary music movie. I didn't go to see the concert. Too bad
1,No fun. What kind of movie is going so smoothly? There's hardly any crisis in the middle
1,Trash movie... Don't look
1,No fun... Why is this disgusting gay movie going for 10 million?
1,That's too much foam. It's not 9.49 points honestly
1,Am I the only one who didn't have fun?I slept before the concert.
1,I'll give you one point
6,Stop getting off now!!!
6,The content was a bit boring. I'm so touched when I perform!
6,It's fun. But the movie theater was so noisy that I was disappointed.crying
5,a case of failure to seal the poverty of narratives and characters with music
1,be nothing more than a celebrity
2,The arrogant and debauchery life of a genius singer and AIDS...I was lucky to attend a strong concert...That's all it's got to do with a crap movie
1,Ah really boring movie...I don't understand how this is over 9...I saw the movie review site in the U.S. and it wasn't that good...I was so into NAVER's bubble rating is amazing
4,Until when is it showing?
1,Your rating is too high
1,Don't watch it unless you're a Queen fan or a LGBT
6,The monotonous storytelling was for the final scene.
1,King over Queen. King Booker
4,I haven't seen it yetcrying
1,Bisexualism is coming out. I hate it
4,It wasn't fun except for the last one
4,How can it exceed 9 million? I admit it's a masterpiece
6,I think the rating is too high. I don't think the actor who played Freddie Mercury did very well. It's so feminine and funny that it's not enough to feel cool.
1,Is it a sleeping movie?
6,It's good for your ears. But the homosexual part is not 12 years old
6,I'm a bit sleepy in the middle. I can't get into it because the main actor doesn't have much synchronization
1,It's not a 9.5 point movie
1,Boring...
4,I don't know if the song will be good... It's just a crazy story about a good singer.
4,We'd better raise the ratingIt's like a good idea.It's a shame that the conflict with gender identity was highlighted. It was nice to listen to Queen's music
6,I watched a movie~~~
6,I enjoyed it. I wanted to see you perform more
1,What is this? A bisexual movie?Gay movies? Packaging and spraying
6,The last scene was so good. But a movie that doesn't fit me
6,I feel like I'm more into Queen than movies
6,I can't believe there's a family movie starring Freddie Mercury!
1,Is this worth 10 million? LOL
4,Bored and unimpressed
1,It's just the Queen ElectricThis song was their song. It was a good song
1,I regret watching the dog trash homogay movie
1,It's a fairly high-rated piece of gay rubbish. Only the music is good.
6,I don't know if it's great in terms of cinematic quality. Just enough to watch
6,It was worth watching. It was sad that the music was cut off
1,Running and mustache. I don't want protruding eyes
6,It's just so-so. Honestly...
1,Freddie Mercury Gay Dies From AIDS
6,It's not my favorite movie
6,Queen's songs are amazing
1,Don't look at me. I can't go over 10 million.
2,The story that drags on is really fun??
2,A glorified movie~~~~~B.B
2,It feels like I brought back the forgotten memories
1,Gay guy is coming out. Where is this?
4,It's definitely not a movie with such a high rating. It's just that I'm burying in the Queen. I would rather watch the live performance of Live Aid.
2,I guess I'm the only one who's not funny.
4,This is the number of audience because of one performance production
6,Performance directing lacks the ability of directors and writers to interpret and reproduce perfect scores or characters. It's hard to follow the story and I can't understand it. Sleep in the middle.
6,It's not a movie to watch twice. I'm glad the heroine is a goddess
6,Is it that bad? You've seen more than the UK?
5,The last 15 minutes were good. Boring movie.
6,The score is this high? I didn't like the directing was bad
6,The rating is too high. It's just a normal movie.
6,The music was fun but not fun.
2,- The worst. - The worst.Ida.
6,I enjoyed watching it.
4,Not really. It's better to watch Freddie Mercury live on YouTube.
2,A life that wrapped up homosexuality looking beautiful but ended up with AIDS.
6,It's okay. It's okay
2,I dozed off and woke up when the song came out.
1,I saw it a long time ago. You don't look good right now.
6,The movie wasn't as good as I expected. Only Queen's music seems great.
6,The musical part was good but boring.
1,The music is just good. The movie itself is a bit disappointing
6,It was so boring Boredom itself
6,I felt a bit pressured T
6,There's no queen. There's only Freddie Mercury. Is it because I was looking forward to it?
2,I don't like it. I don't like it's not good
2,The song was good. I couldn't understand the characters' choices and judgments. The story was a mess. I was disappointed because I expected it to be as good as La La Land
6,The adaptation of the movie was so bad that I felt uncomfortable. Brian May's performance of the opening song of 20th Century Fox was the most impressive.I think the movie is just a preview that makes you wonder about Queen.
1,one of the overrated films
6,It was just so- Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
6,The movie that has the best ears this year! 100% touching story with songs...I'm not sure.
6,I think I went to the concert
6,It's a rated puffed rice movie.below expectations
6,The word "boiled egg tang" in caviar would be more appropriate for this movie
1,Poor story. Freddie's mouth is so protruding that I can't get into it
6,I don't know if it's a music movie.
1,I watched it because they said it was fun. But it wasn't fun for me
5,The song is really good to listen to even now.
6,The critic's rating is correct.A movie that's not very impressive.I think those born in the 1960s would agree
4,Hard Bill Steps for Live Aid
2,Why is this so touching? I don't like it
6,I wish there was more music.It's a bummer
1,Worst movie ever... Wake up and be sensible.
2,I should have seen something else.
1,It's a movie that doesn't taste good.
1,I don't think it's a score like this
6,My feet can't stay still22
6,The part where I lost focus in the middle was too long
1,It's not good. It's not as good as I expected
1,Don't be fooled by the score It's the second time I've been snatched since Clementine.
6,It brings back old memories
6,I didn't like the rest of the movie where the song was just fun
6,I guess I was really looking forward to it. But it was fun
2,I don't know.
6,A movie that fills the poor cultural consciousness of Koreans because they don't want to see Queen Mania
1,It's not funny. I don't know why you compliment me so much
1,I think it was boring.
6,I don't like the drama of the queen.To be satisfied with the queen's music.
6,The cat is cute.~~^^
1,It's a movie where gay people sing
6,I'm so moved. I'm so into it
6,It's not going to be awesome. Breathing at the concert? A hero's life story? Precious music? The queer part? Everyone feels a little lacking
6,I've been a huge fan since I was youngIt's a shame that Queen's story is a little different from what I know
2,I was bored listening to music
2,If there wasn't a gay story...  It's too bad.
5,I could see how easily people were instigated
1,It's a boring movie. It's a waste of money and time
6,Less than expected~ I don't like movies
2,Ten pigs upstairs who didn't even know pop because of this movie are playing "Bohemian Rhapsody" over and over again. It's crazy -- I hope it cools down as much as it boils
5,I didn't... I almost fell asleep. It's my personal preference
1,Everyone was looking forward to it because it was so much fun
6,I can't really relate to it.He's good at singing
6,I can't get out of my mouth.
1,Is it not fun?
6,It's as vivid as watching a concert in front of your eyes!
1,1 point. Sona's Rhapsody
1,It's not fun. It's boring. It's childish. It's touching
6,I don't recommend it if it wasn't fun
1,It's not like a movie. Just a concert
4,A slightly uncomfortable gay movie.
1,It's too difficult for me who doesn't know art.
1,It's not in the 9-point range There were many unpleasant scenes;
3,It's boring. I only remember the front teeth sticking out
2,It's really loud and boring.0 points
5,Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation
5,It's not a musical. It's just a B-level movie
3,I'm disappointed that it's so different from the real story
1,Old pop is a stinker. Trap hip hop is a must these days
1,I don't like it. I don't know why.
5,It was a really fun movie
1,A movie that sentimental people who don't care about story acting will like
6,I was sleepy in the middle. Music is really difficult and mysterious
6,How could you use actors who are uglier than real people? Actor Brian May is a pass!
6,The last 20 minutes of performance was so touching. The story is boring because it is a realistic movie. But the movie that you can watch because it's "Queen."
1,^^ Thank you... Fun is just...
2,I used to be crazy about gay pots
5,I was just like that. Why is it so popular?
2,A strange movie where a bunch of people who didn't know Freddie Mercury watch a movie and become a fan
5,A movie that tells you that you can get bored while watching a movie
1,Let's watch Korean movies properly
6,The sound is too bad.
4,It's worth watching. It's not that fun
1,The levels of sucking and reusing are uncivilized;;
5,I feel the generation gap again. A movie that I can't relate to
6,Queen's music is touching at the last concert.
2,Why is it more than 9 points? It's obvious and copied and pasted
6,People around me compliment me to watch it!
2,OO no fun ^^ I don't understand what's funny ;-; I was expecting too much ;-;
2,I really hope you don't watch it. I don't know why people give this movie a good review. I was fooled by the rating. I don't want to see a movie like this again.
4,I think it's a movie that everyone likes and dislikes
2,My hair is falling out. So boring. So boring
6,The latter part was fun and the song was good
1,What a waste of points. Trash for the fans
1,Don't you think I can't watch movies?
6,Hmm... I don't know this song but I know it
1,Why is he so crazy? not much
6,It was just a rough documentary movie.
6,I don't know if it's because we're not queens
6,It was a very interesting movie
1,The story is not very likely
2,I personally didn't like it. I went there with my friend and he said it wasn't fun. He said it was a waste to pay for it. He recommended it to me and I looked forward to it
6,I don't know well
4,Was I the only one who didn't like it?
6,We saw an amazing concert
6,I watched it with my parents. It's so niceHaha
6,I listened to Queen's song again
4,a film overrated by good marketing The worst movie ever made by a musician. A movie that played a big part in promoting Queen's music.
1,It's just not fun. Only their fans watch it
4,There are a lot of part-timers. It was just worth watching
6,I'm bored. I'm sleepy. I'm dirty
4,You only have to watch the last 20 minutes.
6,Brian May's synchro. What?
4,Not really my style.lol
2,I guess I was looking forward to it too much^^;;
1,I fell asleep while watching it. It was the first music movie that didn't fit. Don't just look at the ratings because there's nothing to see
2,It's a movie that made me realize again that I can't believe the real rating
5,It was more boring than I thought. But the song is really good ~~
5,Was my expectation too high? Just that much
1,Sigh... I was watching a movie and came out in the middle Don't ever look at anyone who doesn't like gay people I came out because I was disgusted when I saw guys kissing each other The story is interesting But I'm gay
1,Bubbled Gossip No Fun is not fun
5,Other than musicality... Sex education?
2,A perfect film of misogyny. Perfect male supremacy
2,I just like the music. I don't know what it's about it
6,It's boring. A movie for the last 10 minutes
6,Bisexual! I feel repulsed. The movie keeps showing me bisexual material...
1,It's not funny. They don't think it's funny
6,It's just a killing time
6,It's disappointingT
6,A movie that all generations can relate to
6,a strange phenomenon that was especially popular in Korea
6,a strange phenomenon that was especially popular in Korea
4,I don't know. I don't know where to focus. I liked the song
1,It's not fun. It's too much
1,I don't know what's funny. I watched it while waiting for time
4,The acting was somewhat awkward and the story was not immersed
1,The movie itself is not good...
6,134 minutes of journey for the last 20 minutes
6,If you don't have much interest in a singer named Quinn... A movie that can be boring
1,Queen is a very annoying unit in Starcraft... My precious Dragoon Gilot Hi-templar was not funny at all
6,I waited for 2 hours to see the last scene.
1,Gay and pro-Japanese... Worst... Is this a fake score?
3,Typical of movie populism. That's it. the vanity of ratings created by mob psychology
6,It's a little too much for a 12-year-old.
1,Why are you opening your top when you're singing?LOL
1,A movie that's below my expectations.  Why do they put this movie up? I'm worse than a documentary.
6,Now I know the legend. sincere homage to their musical achievements
2,Someone recommended the movie to include the ending
1,It's not fun. Unprecedented horoscope bubble
1,Spent two hours and 22 minutes in my life.
1,The movie that made me feel uncomfortable watching because of Jenny. It's terrible
1,It's just a story about a lucky jerk
6,I don't quite understand why it's a masterpiece. A person who has met a chance in the midst of an impressive trend of the times. What is special about him? Arisong Hanks' performance was good
5,It was just like that.
6,Don't decide the standard of life recklessly
6,There were no lessons as if they were not textbooks of life. Well done
1,Jenny used Namjoo because she is stupid
4,Is Little Forest really Forest's biological child? That's the only question left at the end of the movie. The story of an idiot who was bewitched by a promiscuous hippie woman named Jenny and carried a child of unknown descent before she died.
1,Life is like a feather!And Jenny died of AIDS
2,A true OO movie ....
6,Sometimes it's okay to go back. That time is not meaningless at all either.
6,It's boring. It's not fun.
1,It was so boring and boring.
2,The main character is Jennie. I just turned my life around. But I made a mistake because I just couldn't take care of myself.
6,11.10.22. Ron Forrest! Roowon!
1,I don't know what the hell the lesson is. It was so boring. What was it? It was a movie that was neither touching nor interesting to me.
5,It's normal. Movies that have different preferences
1,I can't believe the Shawshank Escape at the time was being pushed to this kind of movie
1,Tom Hanks' acting is cringe-worthy. Delete it after 30 minutes.
6,A movie that you can watch once in a while
5,I felt uncomfortable when I saw the female lead. She's so selfish
1,It's not fun to say that oldies are fun
1,Is society in the '90s so promiscuous?
3,The End of a Patriotic Conservative Youth Played by Hippies
1,Forest has no loyalty
6,It's more boring than touching.
1,It has a higher rating than you think. It's not my style. It's a movie that people either like or dislike
6,Tom Hanks' finest performance!
1,Jenny is a real villain. I have nothing to say. The director seems misogynistic.
3,I met Kim Chi-nyeon and watched a bad ending movie.
1,I guess it's not a masterpiece for everyone
4,JENNIE... She's the original.I think Kim Chi-nyeon got inspiration from Jenny.
4,Can you control the comments?
1,It's so much fun. 1234
3,by chance and by chance JENNIE is a bit annoyed
1,It wasn't very interesting and a waste of time
1,Monthly E is better (same rating)
1,I don't know where to be touched
1,It must be a movie worth watching.
5,Another evangelicalism that speaks of positivity and hope
1,I don't know why it's so high
3,Tragedy of a fool who met the wrong woman and was kept in the field for life
1,It's just a lesson. I hate it
1,"I'm going to meet you now". I recommend it
2,A movie that shows the ideal case of a lucky fool and makes everyone stupid
5,The scary things behind the fun and touching moments
6,Watch. Overrated movie. I know it's a touching movie
1,It's too high... It's too high
4,Just less than expected. I don't know how many times I'm upset because of Jenny. Forest is a Bodhisattva
1,I can't believe it's 9.35.
4,Why is this so famous and touching? The whole time I saw it was unbearable. Oh my god
1,There's no answer.
5,I think I'm a fool. I don't know. I don't know what's good about it. There are people like me.
6,Am I emotionally dry?
1,Eustist Gump
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,Life is a chocolate box
5,There was nothing to watch except pure emotion.There was no emotion at all about the content of the film.
1,Can't understand the heroine's behavior.
3,Boring...
6,I don't like Tom Hanks narrating. I wonder if there are any impressive scenes other than the list of modern American history.
3,I don't like it. It's not fun. I didn't expect too much. It's not touching. It's long. It's a hundred times better for boys or three idiots in striped pajamas. I'll give you three points for fear of getting dumped
1,a typical American movie
1,JENNIE and I say "I'm so sorry"
5,It was a development that a bad boy became a soldier and then a ping pong prodigy that I didn't understand at all
5,I'm bored the whole time I watch it.
5,I was just bored...Are you emotionally dry?Why is the rating so high?
1,Not really
6,A typical American human drama...
6,It was not enough to win the best picture award over "The Shawshank Escape."
6,I'm sleepy. I'm sleepy. I can't watch it because I'm too sleepy
1,Why is it so easy for you to live your life?Do you think that's possible?In the world these days?
1,A film so unrealistic. The story and the lesson are too obvious. Mooring zinc smoke is also 2 percent short.
1,be inferior to Augustrush
1,I slept because I was bored
5,You can't be happy just by feeling happy
6,Why is it called a masterpiece?
1,Why do you have the same ratings before and after watching it? It gives me goosebumps
6,a film that gave me a good feeling of hope
1,Jenny didn't have to leave the trash behind until it was time to die. What kind of movie is this?
1,I'm buying it now.I'm not very impressed.It's kind of forced...a grade-pointing machine
1,I was bored to death
1,a shameless Jenny
6,It's just that
5,Too much coincidence and hyperbole. It's not boring.
6,Hmm………………….
1,It's not a big deal.
1,It's so boring...Avatar is much more fun
1,You glorified the Vietnam War.The American Supremacy is annoying...
6,I'm not touched.
1,Let's put everything aside. The national team is the best
1,Sorry... national team fan ^^
1,It's not as fun as the national team.
1,The national team is much more fun
1,the best movie
1,It's 10 points
1,National University of Korea
1,The best! The rest of us got 1 point
1,The development of the story is focused on the main character's luck.
6,It's nice to see because it's pure and passionate.K
4,The success story of a lucky fool's life
1,I don't have an eye for movies.
1,-..- It's not that bad
1,a really touching movie
6,an idiotic success story
6,It's not a big touching moment. It's a heartwarming moment.It doesn't look like the best.
5,I didn't like it.
4,There is no realism or justification in the development of the situation. a fairy tale
1,a masterpiece of a fishing film
6,I believed in the = B rating too much HJ: That's childish
6,It was a huge hit with the Lion King in '94. I don't think it's me.
6,A story that is carried out by chance... I wasn't touched
1,Not good.
1,not much
1,Cash disappointed;
1,Where is it touching? Where is it fun?Where are you getting into character?Where's the empathy?
1,It's not that
1,The dead poet's society is better
1,I can't believe it
1,It's not that
6,Life is luck. My luck is 98 percent... 2 percent effort. That;;
1,It's too long. 142 minutes;;;
1,It's sad. It's touching
1,It's not that
1,It's hard to feel it
1,I'm so disappointed
1,Where is the touching moment?
1,have no feeling
1,It's just boring
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?T
1,I'm so touched that I want to give you 1 point
1,It's so boring
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?
1,It just wasn't fun for me. That's all;
1,It's a movie that doesn't hit home
1,...I'm falling asleep
1,It's a movie that doesn't reach you very much
1,It's a movie I've never heard of before
1,That's the worst. Boring.
1,As if it's not
6,Six points
1,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,be bored and boring
5,It's just normal
1,It's all talk Manet was boring
2,I can never agree with a well-made film or nihilism about history and beliefs
1,I'm not impressed. It's just boring. I'm lucky
1,It's not a big deal. It's just a story about a lucky person
1,It's good
1,It's so boring
1,The worst movie in my life
1,What's left of this movie? opportunism
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it so much? I don't know where to be touched...
1,The worst movie is "Naver Netizens"You guys don't even know Jam Lotte movies
1,I get depressed when I watch it
1,I don't know if it's because of her being bizarre the day before
1,Shawshank is the best
1,The best movie ever! It's so much fun
1,A good movie... But isn't 8 points good enough?
1,It's fun
1,cool
3,I didn't like it.The rating is too high.
1,I'm yawning
1,I don't think that's the best movie I've ever seen.But it's a good movie
1,This isn't it
3,People must like this kind of thing. I'm bored the whole time I watch it
1,Let's make Terminator 2 the top 10...
1,The best movie of all time
6,A ridiculous but funny and funny movie ^^
1,Maybe it's because it's been so long since it came out. Compared to the movies these days...
1,I can't believe this is funny. I can't believe it.
1,Everything changes!!
1,a poor work
1,Are you trying to fight a war? Defconn one
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
3,A movie that NEOCON will like... The deep conservatism and prejudice behind the entertainment...
1,The success story of a white supremacist southern conservative.
1,The success story of a white supremacist southern conservative.
1,The female lead is so prettyShe's Mrs. Shawn Pan.
1,Tom Hanks' best performance.
1,A good movie. But a better movie...
1,A good movie. But it's too high.
6,The subclass of 'Naveen' packs America into conservatism. The director is scary.
1,not much
1,Why is this a masterpiece?
6,I don't think it's more than this movie.
1,It's not worth watching a damn movie
2,For the American people.an American film
2,Forced watching movie during middle school class. Long live America kkkkdan
1,I'm sleepy.;
1,Long live America!
6,A glimpse of the history of the United States at a glance.
1,Before the title...
1,a crystal of artificial emotion
1,Oxu0606<-- 1 point because of this number
1,a perfect performance compared to a poor production
5,Let's not trust the score too much.Disappointed.
6,It was a bit boring
5,I really didn't like it
1,a typical American film
1,I can't believe this movie won the Shawshank and won the prize
3,Need to tell if it's an American history story or a sad movie
5,The running part is jam. And not much
5,The beauty of living with feathers...
1,I caught a cold
1,the best movie
1,Let's win no.1 on "Radio Star"
1,We're not chocolate! Our lives were born for a definite purpose
1,Is there a more subtle right-wing movie than this?
1,a film that sneaks up on America's imperialist hegemonic war
1,a film cleverly advocating American superiority using blunt force
1,Are you telling me to live like a fool?
1,It's not that impressive.
1,It's just a movie
1,The idea of this movie is impure.
5,the final version of the American conservative right-wing film
1,An anti-warist is a troublemaker and a druggie? It's excitement!
1,Typical rubbish movie based on American chauvinism
1,not much
1,American Supremacy...turning anti-war hippies into drug addicts
1,Why are these movies in the top ranks? That's ridiculous
2,a good movie
1,Ryeo-cha
3,Tom Hanks acting as well... Good!
5,A movie that is well-dressed but shows American supremacy again
1,Great
1,The story of a genius with a low IQ is just pretending to be a successful story
1,American chauvinist film...Treat hippies as trash
5,What? Everything that innocent people do is a success?Ha ha.
1,It couldn’t be worse.
1,I didn't like it.
1,The main character is so stupid^^ LOL
1,I can't click. I was going to give you 10 points...
1,the worst movie of one's life
5,It was boring...It's a low level ;-_--_-;
1,It's so boring. Hooray to America? lol
6,Long live Gump! Long live America! That's amazing.
4,I don't like it because my life is like Gump.
1,Overrated movie... Six points
1,Bored
3,an American story
1,not much
1,I don't like Hollywood movies.
6,a movie that I didn't feel much about
1,Consistent with blatant sentimentalism without properly describing the lives of the disabled
1,American filmmaking
6,American heroism
1,I slept after watching this.
1,Hollywood-style squeezing. I'm touched.
5,I don't really...
6,A movie that was forced but funny in its own way
1,It doesn't make sense...The movie... When I was running...It's contrived!
1,I can't really relate...
1,It is more interesting to buy OOO
3,I was bored because I saw you in middle school.
1,- The only thing to see was the Phantom from the Vietnam War. - The end
1,an old load
1,Amadeus is first place!
1,A fun drama.
1,Expanded reproduction of Pax Americana
1,The Scariest American Mansae Movie
1,Thriller
2,a decent movie
1,I'm pissed off
4,I don't know if it's because I saw Maraton first.
4,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9 points. one's personal opinion
1,That's not fun.
1,...............please
1,the worst movie ever
5,It's too much of a one-sided nature
4,I saw it yesterday. It was boring.Can't relate. Can't understand Netizens -_-
3,The best part of making an American hero under the veil of an Academy Award!
5,the culmination of an American heroism And the sacrifice of Andy Duprain.
1,The movie that made Tom Hanks a banned actor!
2,It's such an American movie. Touching? Fun
1,a film representing the far right in the United States
1,I'm not in a good state of mind.
1,I'm not that...
5,It was pretty boring
4,The Academy's second mistake! What else is there besides subtle nationalism?
2,It's too much
1,not much
1,I enjoyed watching it
1,I enjoyed it
2,The height of American Supremacy. It's more bitter than laughter
1,A typical American hurrah.A trash movie...
1,This isn't right.
1,Tom Hanks really has no end to his acting...
1,It's a really fun movie
1,I'm so touched.
1,It's so calm
5,Don't you think life is too easy?
6,...an exciting trip to American modern history with a fool
6,Did Rose have to hum on a wooden plank alone like that? Why didn't you take turns with Jack?
1,Did I ever say that I would save the economy?
4,a film that glorifies infidelity and blurs judgment
1,I want to give you 11 points
1,A movie about love affairs
1,Don't ever watch "No Fun"
1,It felt like the East Sea and Baekdusan Mountain were drying up.
4,It's made better than it used to be
2,Why is this BONU? He's not watching a movie that's not funny until he diesGigi!
1,There's no zero point.
1,I'll just say what I want to say in a casual way today. - Hey! It's not funny
1,What's wrong with the rating?I'm speechless
4,Movies are not my cup of tea.
4,Movies are not my cup of tea.
4,Movies are not my cup of tea.
1,I'm sorry. I'm not going to make you cry
1,I don't know why my horoscope is so high.
1,Leonardo DiCaprio I hate you
1,It's a scam.crying
1,Technology Building I and Nit and I
1,Expediting the conditions for the open supply of new apartments
6,I watched it with my girlfriend at the theater
2,It's already been 20 years
1,It's so boring.
1,It's a drama for the public
1,Should I lower the rating?
1,The rating is too high 1 point for adjustment
4,11.11.06. Running time is too long compared to what I wanted to show. It's just boring for a dry person (maybe a horror movie
1,9.86 is too much. I don't like it
1,It's the era of big movies
6,Exoneration of one night stand hahaha
1,What kind of romance movie is this? It's a real horror movie. What kind of romance movie is a movie where all people die? Is it good that all men die?LOL
1,It's not a good movie
1,a monumental failure to sell masculinity to women
1,You're happy about an affair
6,The film depicts the tragedy of the Titanic and the love of death
4,Don't re-release what you've used once. Aren't you tired of eating dozens of times on the cable?
1,A rare piece of work. People say that you're just the best in romance. It's bitter. I want to go back two hours ago. My eyes...
6,It is not enough to say that it is a masterpiece of a movie that Korean people would like
6,What's the occasion for the movie to be shown again in the theater?
1,Lower the rating because it is too high.
1,A movie that I really enjoyed watching. I'll have to watch it again when it's re-released
1,I don't know what's touching about this. It's just that kind of a boring love story. It's a cliche that succeeded in sucking it up in America. Is our country going to come out?
1,It's really fun I recommend it!LOL
1,I am afraid that a movie called Ferry Sewol will come out like this
1,Well... it's boring. It's obvious
1,A woman has a crush on a poor man? Does love feed you?Isn't it a conspiracy against the Titanic?But it is a good movie when you want to see the world positively. But the world is really rotten.
1,I enjoyed it. It was so much fun lol
1,The best movie ever. I definitely recommend it
5,I feel so bad for my fiance.
1,Maybe it's because you don't think it's funny.
1,Melo is not my type
1,This is never a point. I want to give 11 points.
1,This is not a point. This means that this movie will never be in world history again!
1,DiCaprio was so ugly and boring
1,It's a very exaggerated and fraudulent movie
1,A man's ship doesn't sink.
1,a beautiful adaptation of the tragic end of Blun
1,The most carcinogenic heroine of my life--
1,The movie I watched at the theater when it was released. It was a waste of money no matter how long it was for fun
1,In a good sense - it's a luxury to even evaluate...
1,The uncivilized idea of the Korean people: Everything should be tailored to my taste...
2,A handsome man who falls in love with a woman who doesn't have any attraction The combination of fantasy of a woman who doesn't want you to come up to someone you love alone is just a few good scenes and no visual beauty And I'm not at all impressed with why Diamonds have it until they're old
2,It was just a little boring Except for the female lead being in good shape
1,A story that reproduces the delusion of a senile grandmother.I'm not having fun.
1,I'm so touched that I can't grade it
6,It was a bit racy!
1,The movie that I watched when I was young...If you look at it now? It's not that...
3,This is Sparta!
1,It's late. Ugh!
1,I love it so much that I give you 1 point. I'm going to shoot a movie like this
1,It's not... funny
1,Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!
1,Imagine your fiancee running away from another man on board
1,A man's belly won't sink
2,I'm from Oyu because it's the secret and two major mountains of Salamander Ahem
1,The woman survived alone and has no loyalty.
1,Don't you have a zero rating? I didn't want to see the female lead because she's so stupid
1,Unite by loyalty!
1,I think the part-timers scored on this
1,A woman of no loyalty.
1,You live alone without loyalty
1,Never in my life have I seen a movie so unloyal...
1,Loyalty
1,Loyalty
1,Loyalty
1,Loyalty
1,This ship is mine!
1,A man's belly won't sink
1,Your rating is too low
1,a rapid cry
1,Such a ridiculous movie
1,Just so-so.
1,The main character is dead!
1,We have a big belly
1,I hope it's a movie with loyalty
1,Loyalty
1,It's hard to leave home
1,WOONGJI!
1,Let's think of the rewarding life of an honorable man.  I will remember men who do not lose their composure in the face of death and live with the thought that truth and love are the strongest in the world. What a loyal friend!
1,It is foolish of you not to drown together when your loved one is dead. The best of the week is loyalty.
1,The female protagonist is so mean
1,It's really a masterpiece. The third movie I enjoyed in my life
1,What a big belly!
1,The rating is lowered
1,lack of loyalty
1,a great deal
1,Avatar 2 is going to be hard to open!  It is a poor production compared to a loyal movie. Review the script with loyalty. It's not a movie without loyalty.
1,a magnificent sinking
1,on one's own terms
1,a person who makes a living on one's own
1,lol
1,The movie is ridiculous!
1,I don't need a movie without loyalty.
1,You have a big belly
1,You don't have to watch a stupid movie
1,Man's loyalty! Loyalty to Boseong. Loyalty to green tea
1,She's the only one who survived
1,Loyalty must and must be kept Kim Bosung Lee! A hero!
1,A man is a man!
1,crying
1,Jack has no loyalty
1,I feel like I'm lacking loyalty
1,WOONGJI!
1,My life is crashing.
1,That's ridiculous
1,He's so tall
1,a great deal
1,There is no loyalty in this movie
1,He's not loyal
1,Loyal Rose to let a man die
1,I'm from Oyu
1,Oh my god
1,Better than love
1,A movie in which an old woman survives without a hitch. I can't find a way to go up on the board
1,Rose lacked loyalty in her last voice calling Jack. I'll work harder!
1,I don't want to see you again I'd rather see the secret of the Salamander twice
1,I'm sure it's kimchi year
1,It's ridiculous to see Yeoju live alone. So 1 point
1,I don't have any loyalty in this kind of movie
1,Let me live in a magnificent mansion
1,a disrespectful sinking LOL
1,There's no loyalty to a woman who left DiCaprio alone
1,It's a waste of 1 point. It's really not loyal
1,I'm from loyalty
1,The movie that I watched was really touching.
1,A magnificent punishment for a magnificent film that betrays its fiancé and then survives by betraying DiCaprio again!
1,He's so stupid--
1,-.- I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it
1,Can love without loyalty be called love? Love requires loyalty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!♥
1,It's got a great.
1,Loyal movie out
1,There is no loyalty in this movie.
1,No movies that live alone without loyalty
1,This movie is ridiculous. So 1 point
1,1 point for a man's death
1,That's not loyal.
1,The ship will sink magnificently
1,The movie is not loyal
1,K
1,It's really... It's so...
1,I can't tell you to wash your eyes and look for it up. It's a movie that's a waste of even one point!
1,It's not good to see you again
1,Worst movie ever. You guys know what to do
1,Loyalty vs love
1,Dicapurio
1,How dare you live alone?
1,That's ridiculous
1,Is it a problem that Oh Yooin gives a rating like Oh Yooin?
1,I wanted to scratch the screen of the movie theater with my hands when Kate Wonslett scratched the foggy window. That's why I didn't say I did 74
1,You should think it's annoying
1,Leonardo DiCaprio's a tough guy
1,It's sung by Lee Seung GiYou don't know. Love is the best!Their love is so ridiculous that it's 1 point! Come on!
1,Who watches such a big movie? I'd rather watch a hero 10 times
1,One point is the medicine for a movie without loyalty
1,The heroine has no loyalty. A film that gives the worst lessons and enlightenment in this age when it's so important.
1,How can you live alone without loyalty?
1,Oh! Don't curse! Sae-qui! Why are you guys cursing at us when we're going to give you a rating? It's exactly like you guys to live alone without loyalty.It's a one-point movie!
1,It's a movie where the heroine lives without loyalty and Namjoo dies in a pitifully
1,It's too long;;; throw expensive jewelry into the sea.
1,a ridiculous movie
1,The movie is so racy. Can't you keep your dignity?
1,It's a movie with no loyalty
1,The male protagonist went into the sea alone without loyalty.yes
1,a film of no loyalty
1,It's boring
1,He's not loyal.
1,What's this?
1,have no loyalty
1,The ridiculous things are once every three days
1,MJH
1,be lacking in loyalty
1,A woman who leaves a man and runs away... has no loyalty
1,a woman of low caliberal
1,Not funny
1,It's not fun
1,Lack of loyalty;
1,Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,not much
1,That's ridiculous
1,Don't you know your loyalty?
1,She's so loyal to her character
1,It's a great movie to waste even a single point
1,With Bosung!
1,a great deal
1,A ridiculous ending!
1,I'm here for my loyalty
1,Only women lived without loyalty. I'm not loyal enough
1,The Titanic is out of date.The beginning of a new genre is coming up!Loyalty!
1,the loyalty of director James Cameron
1,No loyalty?
1,You're the best!
1,It's a movie with no loyalty
1,The female lead lives alone when the male lead dies. It's ridiculous
1,an absolutely ridiculous movie
1,How dare you run away on a boat alone? You'really?
1,It's a masterpiece. It's safe to say it's the main seat. When will this masterpiece come out again?
1,a movie in which a woman lives by herself
1,I'm not a woman. I'm just a tanner.
1,It's
1,The director is ridiculous
1,It's too bad I couldn't give you zero points. a woman of no loyalty Ditch a man and survive alone?
1,She's a tough girl
1,It doesn't seem to fit Korean sentiment.
1,You're not loyal
1,Sana's movie without a ' 없는 없는' is 1 point
1,She's so bossy and the ending is depressing
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilAhem
1,Titanic
1,You're gonna have to live with him or die with him
1,You have to die together to be loyal!  Look at the way he's looking at me from above the wood to live alone
1,I can't believe I'm breaking down a magnificent Titanic -- it's not magnificent at all. My score is
1,Don't you have any loyalty? One point
1,1 point for living alone
1,1 point because the girl didn't die together
1,A woman lives alone. Isn't this so disrespectful
1,It was overrated.
1,be lacking in loyalty
1,You have no loyalty!
1,Fun Jaein
1,It's a bad movie where the female protagonist lives alone
1,a sleeveless shirt with loyalty
1,A piece of pear and a tear? Our emotions don't match. Loyalty! Loyalty! It's time to go to greatness!
1,He's not loyal
1,He's not loyal. Why do you live alone? You can ride with me.
1,Namjoo is dead. 1
1,The heroine survives alone without the last grandeur.......................
1,Electric electric show!1
1,a womanly film
1,He's so ridiculous
1,K
1,It's too revealing. 1 point
1,Live by loyalty and die by loyalty
1,for the sake of one's sake
1,Look at the firepower of Ilgay!
1,It's a movie with no loyalty
1,Loyalty between men >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>The love of an affair man and woman
1,It's not as bad as it's not made
1,a ridiculous film
1,No fun --
1,I couldn't feel any loyalty from the iceberg approaching the ship
1,a masterpiece
1,Your days are over.
1,That's ridiculous
1,Films without loyalty are rubbish!
1,I can't help but die because I don't know
1,So-so.
1,What love does not come true must be calmed down once every three days with the boss
1,No. 1 in the rankings
1,It's on a grand scale
1,It's going to the top
1,Ugh!
1,You're not loyal. It's a waste of 1 point
1,be short-lived
1,Titanic. A rare masterpiece
1,I got cancer after watching the movie.
1,Don't you have any Western-colored keys?
1,That's ridiculous
1,a movie without a grain of salt
1,It's a really boring movie
1,I can't help it... Loyalty!
1,a movie in which a woman lives alone and eats well and lives well
1,It's not good to see if the boat sinks without a hitch
1,Mr. Titanic is sinking now!
1,It's like a boring documentary about how a submarine was born
1,A movie without loyalty is not a movie.
1,I slept because I was sleepy
1,All you need is loyalty
1,a jam-it-nay movie;;
1,Kim OO is so bad at acting
1,Titanic to make a woman's one night eternal love?a sunken writer and directorIt is the most ridiculous rating among Naver's movie ratings. This rating doesn't match this movie
1,The world's most unfaithful movie Stop eating your tears Is it a bone or something?
1,The sight of the ship collapsing was very impressive
1,The ship sank!  To the town!
1,A movie that can't be found without a care
1,Do you have any loyalty to the sinking ship...
1,It's not even a movie.
1,I'll lose my head!
1,a third-rate romance movie
1,It's a movie that can't be found. It's a crazy movie that survives alone and dinggu is a crazy movie
1,It is a movie that cannot give zero points
1,Loyalty >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Love This is the truth of life
1,Ta-da-wool!
1,What a stupid movie to live alone like this! Ouch! I need an ouch!
1,I'm here today to be loyal
1,Loyalty is greater than love!
1,My love is only this much?
1,Better than love!
1,The biggest problem is the subtitle of "Uri!"
1,Kate Survives Alone Without Loyalty
1,The man died first because he couldn't keep his loyalty to the woman Men are the best! And there's a woman! Surviving alone without--; the most important thing in life is euuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!
1,Shut up!
1,You're not loyal
1,1 point because of the heroine who survived without loyalty
1,The heroine has no sense of loyalty
1,What fun is it if you don't have a boss?
1,The trend these days isKate Winslet is disappointed to see DiCaprio being thrown out of her own life and I give you a point. Men are the best! Women are the best!
1,If there was only one word in the movie...
1,The movie is
1,The movie is "Moni Moni" but it's "Loyalty
1,When did I ever tell you I fell into the water?
1,Is a love without loyalty really love?
1,That's a ridiculous movie!That's not fun.
1,She's the only one who survives.A ridiculous movie gets 1 point
1,Loyalty! I'm going with loyalty!
1,Ugh!!!!
1,Loyalty! I'm going with loyalty
1,He's so loyal that he lost his mind!It's like this!
1,This is the righteous flag!
1,He's so ridiculous
1,Come on!
1,Rose Kimchi Nyeon lives alone with no loyalty and Jack Dawson dies alone and gives 1 point
1,It's a movie that lacks dignity
1,I thought Bonnie didn't cringe at the Salamander
3,The incident itself is a sad thing...
1,Kim Chi-nyeon as an aspect movie.H
1,This is what it is!
1,A movie that is good in scale and grandeur but not educational for children and students. A movie that gives you the stereotypical notion that you can abandon your lover if you can afford it
1,with a view to one's face
1,A woman has no loyalty because she is alive alone.
1,How dare you live alone?
1,I'm blinded by money. It's been 10 years since it was released. You have to pay me to re-open it again You're not loyal
1,I survived by myself and got 1 point!
1,The Titanic passengers in the movie had no loyalty. That's why I give a point.
1,The Titanic's rating sank?
1,Ah... This kind of movie...지 지 It's a sight to climb up a piece of wood to live alone. If it was Bosung hyung... It's a waste of 1 point
1,The movie's loyal servant who lives alone without a man
1,Dicaprio dumped in the sea...How can a movie be so loyal?
1,I can't believe I'm living alone without honorifics.
1,You're not loyal because you live alone. I give you 1 point
1,I slipped while trying to give 10 stars because I lived alone without loyalty
1,The will of the people!
1,A movie about living alone without loyalty
6,I wonder what it would have been like for disabled people to start a circus
2,It was worth listening to the song. What a waste of money. The story is too poor. The probability is a mess
6,A great conman who lived only for a "show" to be shown literally - 22.02.01
2,What I felt after watching this movie is that we're living now
1,It's a mess. Why is the rating so high?The song is good
1,There is nothing else to watch except OO-mmm song
6,Musicals don't suit me as well
6,It is true art to make others happy.
6,It's just... it's not as good as I expected.
6,It feels like I'm watching a real-life Disney musical animation. The overall production and Hugh Jackman's eye acting were impressive.
2,It's like a movie with a taste. I don't recommend it to people who don't like musicals or happy stories.
4,The movie was good and the song was good.The glorification of criminals is a little...
1,That's so funny. Then live with a beard. You're not happy with everything.
4,It wasn't boring. It was fun
1,This movie is a glorified movie. You have to give it a point
6,The song really shines.
3,Was the person played by Hugh Jackman actually a good person?
5,I try to replace flat plots and persuasion of characters with great songs.
5,There's no big deal. The song is good
6,Singing and dancing...
4,I went to listen to the OST
6,I was looking forward to it. It wasn't as good as I thought
3,A movie that's really poo
5,It's not that bad.  It's like Disney animation.
1,It's not fun or touching at all
6,It's just a musical movie.I heard it's much more fun than La La Land. La La Land is better
6,It's like a fairy taleIt's all the more touching
6,The gaze of discrimination that cannot be covered by singing and excitement alone
1,Who should I trust if there's a critic with 9 points and Park Pyeongsik with 5 points?
1,This is 100% fake...
6,The song was good
6,It's easy to see with your family.
1,A rating that only needs to be entertaining. It's a glorified movie.
2,It's a real story. Everyone is disappointed except for the OST
2,Ernirumi Ryujurebureuni Ryu-ne
3,a glorified film with only the OST left
6,o~o ♬♪♩♬♪♩
6,It's famous. It's only 1.4 million
1,I can't believe he was a racist.
1,The Greatest Showman Moon Jae-in Show! There's no end
3,an out-of-season industrial product He even threatened to be moved by the scale. The tiredness of paying for the old man you want to avoid.
6,It's just so obvious
1,h
2,https://cafe.naver.com/cosmania/20225630 Read the wickets before watching the movie
2,For whom did you start the show for? a demonstration of one's ease
4,a film glorifying uglinessA movie that only has good music.
4,Poor development. Lost theme. Overflowing music. Disappearing emotion
1,It's a movie that will be fun for those who don't know what the real person is like
2,It's great to make a movie by glorifying characters
4,It's just an obvious touching story
6,That's far-fetched. No fun.
5,The song is good
2,A great stage lacks persuasion
5,Is this a really good movie? The song is good.
1,sedretttdrdrdrt
1,It's a waste of a star. There is no need for words. Don't look
1,Technology Leading the Aviation Industry and A
6,It's like gold-rimmed garbage.
5,All I got from this movie is a killing time
4,A typical Disney family movie style. It's a musical ceremony.The song is not that...
1,dffdgdfrhgyrees
6,Rebecca is also the most beautiful woman in Hollywood
2,the face of a self-righteous businessman
6,It's childish
1,I had a good night's sleep
6,I only like 'song' but the song is so good
5,They cover up the poor story with colorful music and stage
6,Is it such a great movie? I think it's worth seeing at least once
1,How can you make this into a movie?
1,The reason why this movie has a 0.1 degree rating is not because it is a musical movie (there are many good musical movies) Because the movie itself is trash. Scenes that use minorities for entertainment (not for respect) and even glorify the members 'thanks to you' are truly ridiculous
6,The story was too weak and the song was good.
1,It was the worst movie ever.There's really nothing to gain from this movie. Why is the main character the main character? lol I was just so angry. I regret the self that I expected when the movie started. Why the hell is the rating so high? That was the worst. the worst of the worst
6,a film that was a spectacular spectacle but not suited to the sensibility of the 21st century
6,a well-made musical Hugh Jackman wasn't the only one who could use a knife
5,I don't know how I got 9.3 points. The story of the movie is obvious and cliche. So I fell asleep while watching it. It's worth just listening to the song.
1,It's not a normal movie
4,a movie that ended after dozing off from boredom
1,A movie in which trash scams and succeeds and then fails and then scams and comes back to life. How can you be moved by this movie when it seems to anyone that it is a fraud who abandoned his family in a minority discriminator?
4,The story is too corny and the story is too fast...
1,I don't even want to explain everything
3,That's crazy. Freak Show is beautiful. I only watched Hugh Jackman
2,I saw the potential. I don't think it suits me
2,Michelle Williams is so good. Manchester Byder was good too
4,Barnum glorification and so on. It's not fun at the end of childishness. The song is finished. I think it's better to go to YouTube and listen to two songs during the movie time
1,Musical movies are popular
1,I can't believe an Asian recommended this movie. It's just funny
6,I was a little bored because I don't like this kind of movie
6,The production is sloppy because of the fast development. The story is not enough to give the meaning of family. It also glorifies Barnum too much. But a song is a masterpiece.
1,the greatest glorified film of all time Barnum even did a show dissecting a black woman's body
6,It was boring and boring.
2,Are they part-timers? I can't watch it because it's childish
1,That's unpleasant. The only great showman is our Moon Jae In
5,I'm going to lose
1,a racist glorification film
1,Boredom. I fell asleep while watching a movie
5,The first part of the musical movie is interesting
6,I could feel the power and message of the movie's beauty and effect in the story.
6,I like the OST. I don't like movies
4,Too obvious and flat story songs are good
6,an uncomfortable truth hidden behind the conversation
4,I can't believe it's so obvious?
4,It's a movie that really suits a woman in her 20s. Is it a movie that will be talked about 10 or 20 years later? I'm sure No. Hugh Jackman would like to increase his value as an actor by choosing his work now. He's a fundamentally brilliant actor.
4,I tried to take time off on a topic that didn't even make sense
6,an ordinary story High quality performance
2,The truth turns out to be disgusting... a movie with too much glorification
6,Words are needed for movies like this
1,There are two kinds of visitors in the world. Someone who thinks of probability and doesn't need anything else in the first place.
2,I honestly don't know if this movie is that touching...
5,It's not fun to watch
6,The story behind the glorification... It's so artificial
5,I knew what Pt Barnum was like when I saw the punctuation mark. I'd rather not use it as a true story. have a bitter aftertaste
6,There's nothing to eat at the famous party
1,Do you know that I was expelled from Hugh Jackman Academy after filming this movie? Barnum is trash in human waste and Frickshaw is not such a beautiful thing but a past to feel ashamed of. How many people will admire this movie? It's a filth movie that beautifully wraps up a terrible history and character
1,a film that looks like a shell with no substance
6,Not as much as I expected.
2,A ridiculous glorification story to think it distorted a true story.
6,The show was enjoyable. That moment.
5,The show was great. It's like P.T.Like Barnum made it.
4,This is how the founder of the money-making frickshaw is glorified.
1,I give you 1 point for a movie that has nothing to do except singing because it has a high rating of 6 points
4,the quality of a movie being unable to a song
6,The aerial swing scene will be hard to forget!
1,Why didn't you just release a music video?  This style is boring. There's not much to the story either
1,It was so lame and boring to act on the obvious I just looked at the ratings and failed
1,People who call this a movie know the level of human rights in this country
1,a boring film of obvious development
6,Good to enjoy for a while ^^
1,I can't believe you glorified a con artist like this
1,I don't think it's a 9.5 movie. About 8.0jQuery22406948324278232709_1518951213609 Why is it so high?
1,People who like and dislike musicals are not recommended
6,I just watched it~~
6,The song is good. But I don't know what's more than that
6,The song is good. The story is not good enough. That's a bummer
6,It's good to see you at the movies because you like dancing and music
6,It was just like that. I think I had high expectations for the evaluation
1,The movie and reality are too similar Critics cannot enjoy the work The reason is the beautification of the actual protagonist of the work It beautifully wraps up the vicious and moral protagonist. Make the great soprano Jenny Lindh a woman of infidelity and professional unconsciousness...
5,It's a musical about friendship and love over vain dreams.
1,At least lack of ethical consideration
1,It was a waste of money for me.
3,It wasn't as good as I thought
2,I guess it was because I had high expectations crying
6,Just get rid of the petty assessment and enjoy it
6,A clumsy and childish music video
1,I looked at the rating and it was the worst. The main character is too old. It's not worth comparing to La La Land. I think I wrote a part-time job in the comments. Don't do that. truth.
1,Overrated itself. How much of a poor work has become a masterpiece and worth keeping for life? It is urgent to adjust the rating of a common commercial film focusing on "show."
1,What are you saying? This kind of movie is trash. It's a trash movie that glorifies trash
1,P.t Barnum's story...
6,Performance. The song is good
5,The song and performance were good
1,I like the great showman of La La Land
5,Music was the best. But I fell asleep twice...
1,I want to watch a musical movie
6,Musical movie that's sad about the music...It's a bummer that the expectations for various sounds are not satisfied
1,I don't think it's in the 9-point range 1 point on a scale
5,The song and performance are good. The story is "No good.
6,It would have been better if the story of getting out of discrimination and confronting it with confidence was more emphasized.It's a movie that women would like
6,The song and performance were really good
6,No comparison with Natbad and La La Land.It feels like I made a movie to release an OST
1,It's too much to glorify the Frick Show. The ultimate commercial movie king who doesn't actually have a single message to deliver.
1,Looking from start to finish with no expression
5,Only the song shines... the Ten Cross
1,Did I have to get the movie material from Barnum?
2,This is the movie that I really enjoyed watching recently I recommend it
1,A movie to listen to a song; from the first scene lip-sync to the sense of incongruity +1 completely standard post-deprecation story. The song is really good. I saw it compared to Les Misérables. I was disappointed. I think 7 points would be enough. But the song is not old. I liked it because it has a modern pop vibe
6,It's normal. Then just
6,The plot is good. I feel sorry for the high-class boy
2,It's my first time writing a rating. It's not that great. The song is so obvious.It's not fresh at all.
1,That's not funny. In Seong is not funny either.
5,Just look at the song. The story is cancer
1,I want everyone to know what Barnum was like
1,Please don't watch it. It's the worst movie ever. It's a movie where evil acts are glorified.
2,I can't concentrate because I'm uncomfortable watching.
1,A movie that's worth a point. It's such a waste of money.
1,a rare film of deceit What part of Barnum was fascinated by and spent so much time and money glorifying him.
6,I guess I'm not a music movie. It's similar to La La Land
1,This one boiled down even more.Zzz
4,Why did Hugh Jackman try to play this guy?
1,To glorify a racist like this;How is it different from describing Japanese war criminals as heroes?
1,It's better with God
6,Hugh Jackman after Les Misérables was pleased.The OST is awesome.Michelle Williams' performance was good.The lack of time led to a lack of foresight in the story.Zendaya was pretty.
1,It was just so-so.  I wondered why I watched it
6,A movie that only Hugh Jackman saw. A movie that was meant to stop
6,It was fun. I think La La Land is more fun
1,Tribute to the con man I don't see why he's making a film that instills the illusion of this character
4,A movie that prioritizes micro-organization over flow and direction.
1,It's disgusting to see the socially disadvantaged from a white person's perspective and they're expressing it as something else
3,It was boring because it was obvious other than dancing on a rope
3,It was fun Um recommendation
1,It was uncomfortable watching. A movie that turned racist into philanthropist.
1,It's because of Kim Cha Ni
1,It's been a long time since I saw a movie without any memorable scenes.
6,The singing and directing were okay. The other parts weren't as good as I thought
2,A father who rode an elephant to his daughter's performance.
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.
1,No words needed. Making this a movie.
1,I can't just say it's fun
4,Just a normal movie ^^
6,It's fancy and the song is good. But the story is too corny. Don't look forward to La La Land
4,There was an uncomfortable scene
2,Who said this was greater than La La Land? an improbable story Uninspiring music. I slept better than the movie maybe because I was tired.
3,It's boring. It's boring Boring.
6,Fancy‥but the story is not enough. A really commercial movie. The song was really good!
4,I think the story is obvious The screen is pretty
2,Flamboyant dancing and singing to glorify the dirty past
1,Is it different from historical distortions or movie ratings? Those who gave the film 10 points are no better than 503's defense of national history
5,I don't know why people say it's funny.
2,Good music and a cliche and simple story
6,There was a laugh at the unexpected pop song that didn't go with the background of the times. This movie is better than Les Misérables and La La Land? It's "Oh my!"
6,The reason why you have to filter out NAVER ratings. Our audience seems to have dropped to the worst level...
1,the worst glorified film I'm angry to see this.
5,The song and performance were good
1,That's too much of an ordinary movie with a Rotten Tomato Index of 55%.
2,Is there any reason why the true story of a white man buying people with disabilities as something to see should be glorified as a movie?
4,People who like musical movies will like it
4,The story isn't coming in very well
2,a song that is carried by the collar
1,a more vicious film with a problematic subject in beauty
5,Disappointed to know Barnum for real
1,The movie itself is a musical movie or background that makes you feel shocked. The tempo of the movie was so fast that I thought it was 1.2 times faster
1,A dangerous romanticization and anachronistic biopic made with a strong sense of ethics itself
4,There are so many great stories in musical movies.
1,I'll give you a rating of 1 point.
1,It was touching and fun. But 9.3 is too high.
1,Films like crap. Disgusting. I frown from the middle. an improbable storyline The level of director who hits the audience with no reason to accept it
4,I don't really like white ideas
1,Do you know that Barnum bought a black slave and did an autopsy show when the slave died?That's one of the reasons Barnum became famous. How can you glorify someone like this? Typical white supremacy
1,One Star is also from earlier ^^
6,The story development is cliche and conflict development and resolution are weak. The song is really great and there are many things to see.
6,Don't you see why it's a life movie? It's nothing more than a slightly funny and sad movie
5,I wanted to die at the end
1,? I can't understand
4,Bored in the beginning
1,What kind of life is beautiful?
6,It's not a masterpiece
6,Everything one desires will come true.
6,I'm not really looking forward to it
1,It's similar to Shim Hyung-rae's movie.
6,The story of a turbulent man who tried so hard to get a woman and wanted to show only good things to his son.
2,It's a movie that lies even when you breathe
1,The main character's personality is extremely positive...So it looks so contrived and rather unrealistic that it is not fun.
6,the climax of a new Hollywood school
1,It's a very loud cartoon
5,Just get married with someone in power - Dora
1,It's just a bubble
5,A story about a foul-mouthed swindler with a quid pro quo at the end.
1,It's a waste of stars.
4,The scene of interpreting the German soldier's words was the funniest.
3,Sleep while watching. The main character talks a lot. The scenario was good. But I get stressed throughout the movie. I wish I'd shut the main character's mouth.
1,The main character is really loud. You keep spewing random and boring lines. I don't know what's going on. It's a very distracting and childish movie. I turned it off because I couldn't watch it
1,The exaggerated acting of the actor rather reduces the sense of immersion. I think it's an overrated movie.
1,I remember it wasn't my cup of tea.
1,I was looking forward to seeing the trailer. The main character's over-reacting and his son's acting. "Sammai
1,It's a movie that doesn't deserve a single rating.
1,I don't like Jewish praise movies.
6,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
4,I just can't understand the high rating
1,Are they all part-timers?It's a waste of time.
1,The rating is too high.
1,It must be a touching movie.
1,I can't believe that an exaggerated and awkward comedy is glorified just by being a wounded child.
1,OO no fun ᆷ 그냥 Just go to sleep when you watch this
1,It was like a forced touching story
1,He speaks a foreign language without easy Korean
1,Italian movies are different
6,6.9 (10 character limit)
1,It's not fun... Sometimes
1,It's a movie that's not fun but touching.
6,I don't know if it's a masterpiece.It doesn't touch.
1,I saw it a few months ago. It's about a Jewish massacre
1,A must-see movie before you die
4,The paternal love to save his son was touching but not funny
1,Too bad the Jews aren't extinct
1,Jewish damage promotion film typical of forced emotion
6,Will a father who stands in a place of death even lying to his son feel good?
6,I'm sad because I can't relate
1,I'm so disappointed. The main character is too loud
6,A movie that would have been impressive if you watched it as a child! The story is full of holes! It's a movie about a father who loves and protects his children!
1,The flatness is too much than the movie.
1,a bubble film
5,All I could think of was "Baby Dinosaur Dooly"...
1,I also watch various kinds of movies.It doesn't seem like a movie with a rating of 9 or higher.It's kind of boring and fun... 7 points is just right.
1,K
1,She's so beautiful
1,My dad died
1,This movie is ridiculous
1,Loyalty
1,Life is
1,Life without grandeur is not beautiful
1,Don't be so grand!
1,Life is
1,Come on!
1,A loyal movie!
1,Loyalty. Loyalty
1,It's a ridiculous movie
1,Life shines more when you are loyal than when you are beautiful.
1,Give the dog a life of no loyalty!He's loyal!
1,Eternal loyalty is more beautiful than a dying life.
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,NAVER rating fabrication -- It's a masterpiece
1,have no loyalty
1,How dare you?
1,You should've named it "Bottle Flavor" and "Beautiful"
1,Everyone got 10 points
1,The trash movie is so boring
6,I feel like I'm forcing you to think that life is beautiful
3,I don't think it's related to the title (just my opinion) but the kid was cute!!!!
1,a ridiculous reality-based film
1,Is this such a laudable masterpiece? A movie that didn't make any sense.
1,Touching and fun are below average. a movie with a maximum score of five
6, well
6,So-so.
5,The frustrating main character... I didn't realize the gravity of the situation.
1,It's not enough to give you a big lesson. The score is too high
3,It's somewhat pretentious when you take off the shell.
1,Sad
2,the arrogant condescension of the Jews
1,That's not good...
6,Six points
1,Half of it is a waste
6,It would have been okay if we saw each other a little earlier
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,Tired of Jewish Damage Advertising
6,I don't think it's 10 points...
1,a substandard film an impressionless film with cringe-worthy humor It's a waste of 0 points.
6,Is this such a moving and interesting movie? Why didn't I like it?
1,Why would you go out there and die?
1,I just fell asleep after watching the beginning.- It's going by so fast that it's not that good
1,Stop it. It's so boring. It's so empty
4,It's kind of empty.
1,Jewish people Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,How can an Italian movie win first place? That's a bad level.
1,It's not as good as Avatar or Titan
1,a typical farce
1,Come down
1,We got first place for a long time -_-
2,A cliché...an obvious conclusion
3,The brothers are more fun
5,rumination
6,I'm afraid I'm not
1,It's boring and annoying. You punk! The best national team!
1,Touching.
1,It's the best.
1,It's a good movie. 9 points is good
1,What a waste of money
1,It's the best.
1,Why are the ratings of other movies so low?K
1,Is this movie that interesting? Adjust the score for the national team.lol
1,It looks like a movie. I give you 1 point to adjust the height There's no final twist.
1,10 points
1,All the best
1,He's not as impressed as the national team
5,I watched the movie after the evaluation.  I'm not that
1,There's something else to be beautiful about
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's not good. The title is good
6,It's so old that I can't get into it
6,I don't like it.
2,This main character's personality is so frustrating -_- It's not fun compared to his fame
4,It's not as good as I thought.
1,I think I'll know the truth only when I have some time to spare
1,I have to go to the bathroom.
1,You can feel how great the power of Jewish capital is.rubbish
1,A movie that was disconcerting;; not very touching.;
1,I'm not that sad
1,I don't like it
1,It’s too difficult.
1,a pretentious Italian joke a sense of alienation from unrealistic settings 1 point for filtering
6,The title is a bit scary.
6,The movie that ruined the prison camp
1,He's flirting around the concentration camp. // It's unrealistic
1,Let's go down
1,Let's go down
3,It's childish. It's not that touching either... I was looking forward to being a pianist. Why are you so annoyed?
1,The rating is too high.
1,Wow... It's a disease-tasting movie. How can this be 2nd place? I can't look at the settings because they're so sloppy.
1,I don't want to see the main character flirting
6,It didn't hit me very hard for my reputation.
1,What's so funny? Don't watch it There was no seriousness in the movie and I was tricked the real thing
1,This kind of crap movie needs to be gone
1,Trash movie... I don't know the reason for the rating
1,I trusted NAVER's rating and it wasn't good for me
6,It was lighter than I thought
6,Why am I so emotionally dry? It's sad
1,It's not my style... It's not in the top 10... Out of the top 50... Go!
5,Hiding the truth for your son?
5,A strange movie that blends a person who is unable to communicate normally with the extremely realistic surroundings
2,It's not fun. It wasn't even very moving.
1,be boring and boring
1,9.22 GPA. That's ridiculous.
1,I'm so impressed -- it's not funny
1,To promote Jews
1,World War II is the history of winners. The Nazi slaughter of Jews was exaggerated.
6,It was a little boring.
1,My father dies so absurdly -- and that old-fashioned joke doesn't work for modern people
1,The rating is ridiculous
1,Life is beautiful. The score is cold
3,I feel like I'm trying to bring tears to my eyes
1,Rubbish movie showing what a dirty life is
1,The story doesn't make sense
2,It's not that funny
1,a waste of time
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's not as interesting as all the bosses. All the top three trashy movies
1,It's not a beautiful movie
1,Not my cup of tea
5,It's a ridiculous story.LOL
1,Stop watching because it's not as fun as 20 minutes
1,A movie that didn't suit me
1,My life is more beautiful
1,I don't like it
1,It's not funny
1,There's a reason for 1 point
1,Let's not watch solo artists!
1,Pass.
1,This is really not it.
1,Comedy+drama "Anseup"...
1,I don't cry much.I heard it was a comedy movie.
1,It was boring... It was boring
1,I was bored personally (Personally.;;
1, a horst.
1,overpackaging
1,It's very boring
1,It wasn't fun
1,It's not that...
1,Not really;
1,..it's not funny compared to the grade
1,...is not very good for me
1,It's not good
1,a good movie
1,I can't forget the overall boredom
1,It was really boring and boring.It's not fun at all.The worst!
1,It wasn't enough to feel touched
1,It was so boring
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,...is it because of the high expectations?
1,A movie that doesn't go well with comedy
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I don't like this kind of course
1,Good
1,I don't like comedy genre
1,It doesn't suit me. That's all.
1,It wasn't good...
1,It's boring
6,I cried at the end. Looking at everything again... Well...
1,It's not this kind of money
1,A movie that doesn't touch me
1,It's boring.
5,Benigny Knees Under the Feet of the Stars and Stripes
1,It's so much fun
1,I slept well. I'm so sleepy
1,I didn't feel as much fun and emotion as I expected
1,a bitter film
3,It's not my cup of tea
1,Giroud
3,A movie that is too scarce for its reputation. It's all unnatural to try to make eye drops.
3,The sense of boredom
5,Bored throughout the show.I don't think it'll be fun for those who like action thriller movies
1,I'm not wearing this movie
1,For some reason... It was fun.
5,Boredom
1,European movies are not fun. What kind of movie do you think is touching that falls short of expectations?
5,It's a bit overrated
3,I'm sorry about the score I gave you.I'm not touched.
4,I think this is appropriate
1,I was looking forward to it because it would be a masterpiece before watching it.
1,You made a good movie
1,It's not a grade like this.
1,It's kind of boring...
1,It's not first place.
1,This is a little...
1,This isn't it
5,It breaks my heart.The score cycle is...
6,have no lingering feelings
6,tearful
1,Sleepy
1,I'm not impressed.Maybe it's because I was eating jajangmyeon during the day.
1,This kind of third-rate movie won first place?
1,What fun is this -_- I erased it after watching it until the middle...
1,It's not fun because I'm a student
2,What if Roberto Benini didn't win the award?
1,Sad.. sad movie..
1,I turned it off in frustration.
1,a jolly boring and annoying movie
1,8 overrated movies are appropriate...
1,This isn't right
1,It was really boring.
1,It's hard to make ends meet
3,It's such a typical fairy tale that it's difficult to give a rating. an unsympathetic childhood innocence
1,Everything changes!!
1,Don't even go to science fiction movies. The fundamental pleasure is overwhelming by Transformers.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,It's trash...
1,I don't want to...
1,I looked forward to it based on the score I give you 1 point to avoid disappointing people
1,It's not funny
1,It's the worst! Don't look!
1,I was tired of it.
1,a boring movie
1,Father's love for his son feels more like a comedy than touching.
1,Life is beautiful but it ends sadly.
3,It's not a number one movie.A movie that's just like that
1,Rubbish... Unnecessary forced touching...
3,Only the title is plausible.
1,I'm from Leon
1,Do I have to smile and think about the Holocaust?
1,I don't understand why this movie is number one
1,Sleeping pills... I'm sleepy
1,Life is a beautiful scam? The comedy about World War II makes me really happy
1,the worst
1,I can't watch this because it's boring
5,I didn't know it would be so boring even though I was in middle school. But the content is good
1,He died trying to tease himself... and it reminds me of Ida Doshi
6,Pity and pride when you see flowers between rocks under a cliff. I see despair and hope.
1,I was overwhelmed with reading the subtitles
5,the Jews
1,I was really looking forward to it.
1,2 points is too much
1,It's not worth watching a damn movie
2,I like Hitler
1,I don't like the main character!
1,I like Hitler
1,the worst
1,Can I do it? Catching up with a multi-cellular girl
1,I'm from the Shawshank Rating Board.
1,Bitter.
3,About 8 GPA adjustment is appropriate
5,A good movie... the center of the Jewish line. I want to lower the score. It's a really good movie.
1,Rating. 7-8 points are appropriate.
1,Life is beautiful and beautiful
5,This is not a crying movie
4,Is my tear glands dry? Escape from Shawshank is more fun
1,What's the big deal?
1,Life is beautiful. 1 point
1,Was my expectation too high?
3,Bored! Sleep!
2,I don't like it
1,Top
1,It's kind of boring to feel like I'm squeezing out tears
1,The classic humor and obvious touch make me more childish
3,It feels like I'm squeezing too hard
1,I like movies...
1,I think he's crazy
1,It could be wrong depending on the people below
1,This style is classic
1,I'm not looking
1,I watched it twice. It's not fun
1,a film that has lost both its fun and its cinematic quality
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
1,an opposition party
1,Not really
1,I shouldn't have seen it
1,I haven't seen a trash movie in a while
1,I'm sorry...
1,not much
4,It was ingenious but cliche at the last minute
1,Life is beautiful
3,It's not as good as the rumor.
1,If it wasn't good...
1,This isn't right
1,The movie was boring and childish! What do you mean beautiful!
1,It's very boring and touching...
1,It's like a sleeping pill movie. I'm sleepy
1,Fell asleep...
1,Maybe it's because I'm used to movies these days
5,It's because I'm looking forward to it... It's not very
1,I was bored. I don't know how to watch movies
5,Is it touching? I don't know.It was a comedy that I didn't like.Forced
5,I'm 2% short of being touched.
1,Boredom
1,Boring and empty messages...
3,Life is not beautiful
5,I think he got a lot of sympathy votes because he's the main character.
1,a snout film
2,the absence of reality
3,How can you be so bored when you're not even serious?
3,My heart is warm. Not more than that's
1,I really don't like it
3,Don't watch it if you're used to the modern bullbuster.
1,Don't play cheap
1,Forest Gump is more fun
1,Bae-Tzu-ni! This otaku is too much
1,Life is really...He's so cheap
1,Hooray for the Shawshank escape
1,Cinema Heaven Terror Zlez
1,I really want to give 100 points for a movie that is not enough.
1,Let's see what happens when he gets mad.
4,a lack of realism
1,I can't click. I was going to give you 10 points...
1,I can't see it without tears. It's ox knee soup.
6,It wasn't good.
1,It wasn't good...
4,The movie that is the most out of NAVER ratings is boring.
1,Why is this in second place? It's so annoying!
1,It's not that good. I'm not sad at all.
1,The director died in the movie
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
5,Not as good as I thought. Comic rather than touching
1,Was I looking forward to it too much?
1,I'm sorry. I didn't see it
6,A movie that shows family love...
1,I'm sorry. I didn't see it
1,Shawshank is number one. We need to cut it
1,The rating is too high
2,I'm not sure
1,My heart is 6 points... So I had to...
1,It's a very childish movie
1,Why is this score so high? Does it make sense?
1,Rating Balance
1,Garbage movie than Galgari and Dracula Family
4,Help me
6,a film about the lives of black housekeepers in the United States.S
6,It was worth watching It's true that it's boring
1,a disgusting film of deceitI endured nausea throughout the running time. a black film about white goodness and success I think the story was possible because it was a movie before OO.
5,I'm emotionally dry. It's not funny or sad
1,Open the way for scientific research.
1,Code for the division of labor unions in black parks in sports countries
6,Is this for real? Did you show me that you stole the ring?
5,All the actors in the movie were good at acting.
5,Hollywood's beloved "Magic Negro" feast
5,I can't believe this sentimental movie with nothing new is still popular
6,It was somehow fun.
1,What are you trying to say?
6,A movie that had good message and acting but was not so much fun in significance
1,Why did I see this?
1,It's not a 9.34 GPA.
5,I can't give you that big a rating
1,8.2 A moderate rating. So I'm going to peel it.
6,Ending actor order. I don't understand...Emma Stone is just my style ^^;;;
5,Black people vent their resentment with autobiographical essays. The end...
1,I'm sleepy. I'm bored
1,9.32 is Evada
1,It's nice
1,It's not special
4,I wasn't moved enough to cry.I was bored for 2 hours.
4,Typical deterrent ....
6,A typical human drama.a good performance
6,a film that pointed out the problems of the time
1,It's a dirty movie
1,No words needed
3,I don't like the ending
4,I thought it was the most boring movie about black discrimination.
1,It's so-so.
5,It wasn't funny.
1,Doing something else with my girlfriend in the DVD room LOL Movies are so boring
6,You have to learn to live
6,Hollywood's proprietary humanism
5,The feeling of losing balance and rushing to convey lessons and impressions in the absence of absolute good and absolute evil
6,It was boring because it was a bit calm.
3,It's boring. Emotional movie
1,It's different because there are a lot of brainless charcoal zombies. It's first place
1,The height of boredom... Touching?
4,-- It's not even fun. It's very long
5,Black problem. It's a little far for Koreans to relate to. I think the Jewish story would be more touching
1,Rating. It was boring
6,A bit unnatural conflict and regret of confrontation
1,That's not funnyLOL
1,The rating is too high It's for rating.
5,It's nothing like the old American movie Racial conflict is the same
3,Why was I so bored? I was looking forward to it
5, feel sleepy
4,a film depicting Yankee dichotomous logic from an emotional perspective
6,You don't need to listen to silly comments that speak ill of you
1,a rating committee Emma Stone looks like Michael Jackson.
6,It didn't really hit home
5,This record-breaking movie is a cliche...
5,It was boring and distracting. Is the writer the main character or the housekeeper the main character?
6,It was so boring and boring...
6,It's distracting
4,Can humans weigh against humans? a film with a narrow view
1,A good movie. But 9.5 is too high
1,It's not my cup of tea; I think it's a bit exaggerated
5,Can't help being bored? If I'd cut down on running time...
1,A movie like a documentary. The movie is really boring.But the attempt at the subject was good.
1,fun
6,It's just a woman's story. It's not sad. It's not fun. I wanted Bali to end
3,The story is so funny.
6,a complacent approach to human rights. I wanted to emphasize equality rather than compassion.
1,I was so moved to see that the judges were incompetent and confessed to violence
1,Kanada Ramabasa Azacha
1,the glorification of a low-key movie killer
6,A movie that showed the old police culture well. So I don't understand whether it's dealing with criminals or watching stories
1,It's just so-so. There's nothing special
6,I think Song Kang Ho and Kang Hodong are twins
4,I'm disappointed if I expected too much. The frustration of realizing a true story but not catching the criminal is not compatible with the movie.
1,Memories of murder? What memories?
6,I'm worse off than a serial killer. He caught the intellectually disabled (Hyangsuk was pretty) to make a profit and made a forced criminal.This is more angry.The checks are very consistent in 1986 and 2020.I recommend someone who's tougher than a murderer.I hate detectives who killed eight more than Lee Chun-jae.Lee Chunjae doesn't take money.
1,Park Hae-il is not the role of Lee Chun-jae or the person who was first found to be scientifically not the criminal. Sang-kyung inserted the person to express that he wanted to rely on non-scientific investigation when the criminal was not caught
1,The difference between reality and movie...
2,Park Haeil was the culprit
1,The reason you guys died is because you were dressed like that
1,Funny how someone's family was brutally raped and murdered? It's a masterpiece? Why are there so many crazy things? Let's see if your family can do that
1,The victim with the panties on her head... The unsub once violated... The movie was once more destructive.  Do you like this kind of movie?
1,Don't consume murder as a memory And I want to make a movie like this with Yoo Go-jung!Haha
1,Is it true that Song Kang Ho is 37 years old?
1,Rubbish I don't even want to play pranks on lol
4,It was a movie about killing innocent people
6,From a masterpiece to a movie like that
5,I got the corporation. Let's go for the second round!
1,I didn't watch this movie
1,You can feel the disastrous level of dung Joseon in the 80s stuffy
1,It's not funny... It's not lying...
1,My cigarette increased after watching this movie.
1,It's a pure bubble because it's such a rave. --Development cancer movie
6,Hmm... It's a little...
1,The rating is overrated.
1,A rating of a typical Korean trash movie is a waste
1,It's just that.I don't know how many minutes you've been eating an ignorant cop violence scene.- HJ: Yes
1,I don't know if it's that good
6,Director Bong Joon Ho's unique sense. The last ending scene
1,Do you have 123456789011?It's not a joke. It's a masterpiece that makes you hesitate to give a score
1,Disgusting and dreary -- only mise-en-scene uses the crime of remembrance
1,Don't look at it as a waste of time
1,It's fun!
1,All I could think about was that Kim Sang-kyung is really handsome. I want to give you about 8 points.
1,I think this is too high
1,It's not fun. Fill in 10 letters
1,Do you eat?
6,More than Song Kang Ho and Kim Sang Kyung's acting skills...You must have said that you saw director Bong in the movie that made a strong impression of Park Hae-il
1,It's a crap movie.I'm so angry. So annoying
5,The content is cruel and there is not much left. It's only remembered that there was a cruel true story.
1,It's not that big of a deal
1,Isn't it too overrated?
1,It's just a boring movie
3,A movie that makes you feel bad after watching it
1,Tragic and stimulating elements were so strong that I felt burdened.
5,a mediocre and plain and plain Not bad
1,I don't like uncomfortable movies after watching them
6,It was a movie that didn't fit me personally.
1,I don't know what the hell it's about. It's so boring that it's hard to see it through. Why is the rating high?
1,She's sour. She's sour
1,It's a seaweed eating show. I'm embarrassed
1,A really frustrating movie...It's boring.
1,The rating is too high...
1,I don't like it
5,I don't know. It's not very...
6,I think it's overrated
2,There is no lesson in the movie.
6,The director's various devices were rather a factor that halved the fun.
1,I can't even give you a point. a movie that used a tragic true story to make money
1,Too much bickering and quite vulgar! The final weapon bow is 100 billion times better than this!
1,This is not very good.
1,the bubble itself
1,I watched it in the theater a long time ago and it wasn't good...
1,Why are you so childish and boring?
5,How can this be over 9 points?
4,Four points
1,They say it's comparable to the movie Seven. I like Seven a lot more
1,The movie is too complicated and hard to understand You want me to understand this without looking at the reviews?
1,I didn't like it because I had high expectations
1,Korean movies are still lacking
1,I don't like the title. Why is killing a memory?
1,It's been a while since I saw you. That was cliche
6,8 points among Korean movies and 5 points if tied with foreign movies?
1,Kim Sang-kyung's casting is a bit off -- a good movie except for the miss-casting!~~
6,a realistic performance
2,a movie that's already boring but more irritating by a pastel review
1,About eight points...
1,Wouldn't there be memories of murder because there was a movie called Seven?
1,That's not good
1,What is it?
1,One point is a waste
6,Detectives are so silly. I'd be better than that
1,The score was too high. It wasn't as good as I expected. Park Haeil stood out
1,The score is too high... 8.7 is just right
1,It was so boring that I was watching it and went out to the movies.
1,10 points is too much
6,Director Bong Joon-ho is far from my taste. The emotion he unleashes is so typical.
3,It's just a little uncomfortable
1,I slept because I was bored.
1,Let's not make a movie where the culprit is not caught. It's uncomfortable
5,Just get half of it... That's a good thing I got it.
1,It's messy
1,Top
1,I don't think it's fun to watch such a silly movie that I've mixed the concept with my mom
1,There's no truth. There's only fiction
6,I don't know if he's better than the chaser. The chaser bore me to death.
6,Good
1,A movie that would have been ruined if it weren't for real
1,I can't believe this movie is the best in Korea.
6,It's a little overrated
1,One point
3,I didn't really feel much fun or thrill
5,It's a thriller with a bit of exaggeration
6,I don't remember Byul Siri.
1,The impression that he criticized Christianity.I don't like it.
5,somehow
6,I saw the comments and looked forward to it. It's too much. It's so calm. There's no tension at all
1,It wasn't fun
1,The rice in the net
1,..Obvious.
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
6,It's worth watching
2,It's not that bad
1,It was boring
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,The actors worked hard
1,I don't think it's a masterpiece...
1,This director's movie doesn't suit me. It's not touching or fun
6,The reason why it became such a hit is a bit ridiculous to me
1,Cheeky Bong Joon Ho's movie is no longer a movie
1,It wasn't funny
5,I give 5 points to the actor alone.
1,I had a good night's sleep watching Director Bong Joon Ho^^ I don't have any sleeping pills
5,This is fun? Korean movies need to improve a lot. Actors scored 5 points
1,Why do I look so childish?
1,It's not 10th place
1,Everything changes!!
1,How long are you going to be reminiscing?
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
5,I think it's a little too much for the family to watch together
1,Nightmare of Murder
1,So what?
6,Why am I not funny?
1,That's not funny. Is this a movie?
5,It's no fun as it turns out it won't be caught. Why do I hate director Bong's?
4,Director's directing skills who knows thriller well + 4. But the distribution of characters in confrontation = imbalance
4,Did I not watch it properly?
1,A dry film that goes to prepared meaninglessness. Other than the actors' acting...
1,It's not as good as pie.
6,Not very interesting???
1,I thought I was going to die of sleep
1,The worst movie of my life
1,Oversized rating..
2,not much
1,A movie that doesn't suit me.
5,Is it because I'm young?
6,It was a movie worth watching
1,I can't believe it's 9.21...;;
1,It's this bad
1,I don't really...
1,Korean movie 凸
1,Why on earth is everyone so enthusiastic...
5,-_-;;; The second half is getting sleepy
1,My acting skills are good. But I don't like the movie itself.
5,Song Kang Ho's restrained acting...
1,Score bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble
1,It's worth watching. There's some foam. 1 point is appropriate
1,It's not very interesting.
1,It's just...
1,It's not good.
1,But I enjoyed watching it
1,This isn't right.
1,It's too high for the level
1,Are you kidding me?
1,One step below the pie.
1,Why do you ask me if I eat?
2,a masterpiece for a Korean movie
1,Watch it if you want to know what a foot movie is like.
1,I'm disappointed by the hype monster.
1,Elementary students can make it better than this.
4,I'm not really doing this. This movie has four points.
1,This isn't right
1,This is fun
6,I don't want the rape story!
6,It's okay to say you don't know how to watch movies. This is so boring.
3,The play Come to see me is better.
1,I'm sorry. 1 point man is here
3,I need to remove some foam
4,It's not a big deal compared to many foreign crime movies.
5,Korean movie that I want to show to foreigners
1,I don't like this kind of thing
2,A movie that's not that fun...I really don't...
1,I think it's a fake on NAVER.Why do you think it's fun?
6,132 minutes for the last scene...
2,It was a movie that I couldn't get into
1,Old Boy is way better
5,I was really looking forward to it. I don't think I'm the type
4,More than I thought...I'm so disappointed
3,I'd rather watch Old Boy. Why am I so bored...
1,It wasn't my cup of tea.
1,It wasn't fun for me either
1,Is this fun?
1,I don't like people who really don't know how to rate themselves
1,It wasn't funny--
6,There's nothing to eat at the famous party? The expert score is the best.
6,The title is "Error" and it's not very...
1,The movie's score is too high for rain
6,^^Perfect satire of the times + Combination of humor and murder
3,A movie at the level that I guessed.
1,What's the best?
6,Memories like that (the award and the lead actor had to eat to protect the earth)
2,garbage in the garbage a movie that shows the level of Korean audiences
5,..........not really.. I don't think the rating is 9.23.
1,A movie that's just like that
5,I liked the wild card better.
1,a cc.
1,It's a bit...
2,It's overrated. I saw the ending
6,I feel like I'm being overestimated.There are many good Korean movies...
5,Thriller? That's funny
5,I went to the most interesting Korean movie I have ever seen
1,You can't get a higher rating than Old Boy.
1,Poor Kim Sangkyung
4,The material and composition that can be shown in Korean movies...
1,It's boring and messy. Don't be fooled by Song Kang-ho's comic acting and director's directing skills
1,It's a real trash movie
3,You're talking about you.
6,Bong Joon Ho... The master of late night filming...The night scene is very impressive
1,I didn't like it. It's just that kind of movie. You can't overestimate...
1,It was boring and boring to the point where I didn't want to give stars. What a disappointment.
5,There is a bit of that in the eyes of teenagers; and it's a shame that they found the criminal after all.
6,Korean movies are creeping up!
1,I can't believe I'm insulting the Matrix this way. Cursing is all I can say. B-rated movies are a waste. C-rated movies are a waste
6,That's scary... That era is approaching
2,Why is this funny? There's no movie to follow the Terminator
3,What's this poo movie? Ski?
2,Why didn't you kiss the switch?
1,I looked at the rating and it wasn't good.Shawshank escape is 100 times better
6,......- I don't think it gave me a huge impact as a generation of people who have seen Transformers in movies since elementary school.
1,I had a good night's sleep at the 4DX theater Thank you. That's not funny
1,Watch it on OCN...
1,It's my first time to run out of the movie because he's so handsome.K
2,It's not that fun A movie that's all about avoiding guns
1,simulated farmer and herdsman
1,How can I watch it again when it's not fun?
1,It really doesn't suit me.
5,I don't like movies that hurt my head
1,It's not fun. It's for killing time
1,It's not funny. It's not dirty
5,I don't like this kind of movie. I don't know why I saw it.
1,The movie itself is philosophical
6,It's kind of boring and the background doesn't really relate
1,It's worth 5 points for a canoe
1,That's too much It's not that big of a deal
1,Do people who praise such low-quality movies like this even watch director Shim Hyung-rae's "D-War"? Tsk tsk. That's why people feel like they have to learn.
6,overrated well-made action movie
1,It's similar to other action movies. The rating of 8.3 is just right
1,I don't understand why it's so high
2,The score is too generous. 7 points
1,Keanurib is cool♥
1,A ridiculous movie... Imagination recognizes and gives 1 point.
1,What's wrong with this?
5,The cringe-worthy Oracle...
1,I fell asleep while watching this. Am I weird?
4,I guess I was looking forward to it too much~~~ HJ: Yes
6,It's a movie where there's a lot of plagiarism.  Some Japanese animations are completely plagiarized and are the result of a jittery compilation.  The genius of the Wachowski brothers and sisters?  Don't make me laugh.  You can see from the quick closing of the series to put an end to the controversy. What do you mean genius?
1,Giroud
1,a near-perfect movie
1,I just don't know what it's about.I think the rating is too high
6,I wonder if action is meaningful.
1,...................I don't believe you
1,a self-defeating movie
1,LOL
4,I don't know why it's so high.
6,Keanuribs is so beautiful
1,I don't know what to say. It was so boring. It is the first movie that I can't understand
1,An Enemy- a film of Satan
5,The New World of SF Movies
5,A movie about Christian thought. Only Agent Smith's character is memorable.
1,It's just a coincidence
1,Pay off your debt to the Orient
5,I don't know why the rating is so high
5,I don't understand
1,a big-time movie
1,I can't just praise the fun
4,I'm so impressed.
1,100 times more fun while listening to King Kong
6,It's just so-so. National University
1,Let's love Korean movies The national team is the best!
1,The score is too high for the national team...
1,The eight point range is appropriate
1,I slept after 5 minutes
1,Unbelievable story... The national team is the best!
1,Long live the national team
1,The national team is the best... Hollywood movie = movie with money all right?
1,The national team is much more interesting
1,Hooray for the national team!
1,The national team is the best!
1,I think the rating is too high.
1,It's so boring.
6,It was worth watching. The first part was so boring.lol
1,Let's cut it for the 2nd and 3rd episodes
1,It was a good movie. But let's cut it a little bit
6,I don't like it.. =_=
6,The content was a bit difficult and boring...But eat at least one action.2 was the best for me.
4,Great movie but no detailed explanation
1,Good
1,It's not that
2,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it
1,It doesn't make sense
1,a sickbed
1,... I have nothing to say...
1,This much?
1,Good
1,Good
1,It's not that
1,It's so... How should I say this? a movie that is very much
1,I don't like this
1,a few days later
1,It's not that
6,Excellent but somewhat overrated
2,It's pretty good Is it one of the best action movies?
1,It's the worst
1,..it was boring
1,I wonder if the rumors were too great
1,It's fun
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,Anticipated story...T
1,Complex configuration
1,It was a difficult movie to understand
1,It's not as good as the score
1,The rating is so high
1,What the hell is it about?
1,What do you mean this isn't fun?
2,I don't like it.
1,I didn't think it was funny
2,It didn't suit me.
1,a movie that has nothing to watch except a bend in the waist
1,Was it that fun?
1,a separate film
6,Why do I not like this kind of movie?
1,I don't think I'll ever be in the top ranks of this movie
6,Did I watch it too late?
5,I don't know why it's high...;
1,Everything about the world view and philosophy is a great movie. It's meaningless.
6,a shambolic ensemble of simulacion and orientalism
5,It's just
5,Why am I not good? Is it because I haven't seen it before?
1,People have different senses and values^^
4,I didn't like the world view of this movie
1,I don't remember anything except slow motion
1,a poor work
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,The movie itself is childish. I don't know the other side.
1,It's childish
1,Totally childish
1,I don't understand why the score is so high
1,Ratings--; Is this funny? 7 points is appropriate
1,Why the hell am I not jamming the Matrix?;
6,It seems significant but it's not.
1,Why am I the only one who's not funny? Bored to the point of going to smoke while watching..
1,Let's lower the rating
1,I can't believe this is number one.The Shawshank Escape is a masterpiece.
1,I don't like action
6,A good movie. A good movie. I don't understand...
1,Bubble
1,The only movie you can see is spending money on CG
1,It's not my cup of tea
1,Top
1,The only thing I can put forward is action.
6,That's the metric
6,It's one of the disappointing movies
4,Why is this movie boring to me? I heard it's all fun.
1,What are you?
1,This isn't right This isn't right
1,It's funny how people who don't read a book of philosophy talk about philosophy
1,Sensitive Sf action
2,It's my responsibility not to understand.
1,It's not as good as Terminator.
1,an elusive movie
6,There are not many action movies that are less than I expected.The content is different...
1,I don't like it
1,I don't like this movie... -_-
1,It's kind of boring...
1,What's this?
1,It's the worst
6,A movie that wasn't as good as I thought
1,It wasn't good for me
1,idea
6,I don't think there should have been a sequel. Now it's a long story to turn around.
1,not much
6,I don't know... a slow-mode action movie with no real answer
5,The story was hard and the American handicraft action was...
1,I'm not...
6,an excellent sf effect The first part is interesting.
6,The first episode was great
1,I don't really...
1,Overpackaged... Commercial American Manshay movie...
1,Two childish Americans who like Japanese Annie.
3,Whiteism
1,Special effects
1,I didn't like it. I liked the visual beauty
2,I wonder why I'm watching this all the time... Would it have been different if I watched it before? I guess the fun and touching level depends on the age
6,I watched the movie after the evaluation. I guess I'm very different from others.
1,It's a movie that's less likely to be overrated and only instilled in the fantasy of elementary school students. Your name is really 9 points
1,What's so funny? I don't understand
1,It's just a weird story
1,It's disgusting. Why does Japan draw things like this?
1,Japanese version of "Alice in Wonderland"
1,kjl;jryredyujiko
1,preferential rates under the Land Law for imported arsenals and arsenals
1,A cow wants to be Jewish.
1,It's weird. What the hell is this about?
1,It's not fun. I wasted my time. What are you having fun?
1,I don't know what's funny about this.
1,I really don't think so.One point is a waste
2,This movie is my life movie and my best movie. I can't get enough of this movie and I can't skip it. It's a masterpiece
3,I don't know what's fun and what's touching
1,Is it possible to cry after watching "OZIM" overrated?
1,a cartoon floundering with opportunity and disgust and fantasy
6,I don't think it's my cup of tea.
1,It's sad that there's no face like Haku in Japan
1,I can't give 0 point for N.O.B. Is there no improvement?
1,Don't watch this. It's been 2 hours
1,A man or a woman who is full of Japanese colors and makes a stupid face all the time.What's funny?
1,I think 8 to 9 points are appropriate. The rating is too high.
1,You have to give 1 point for Japanese culture
1,Why is this so high? Embarrassed.
1,Let's not eat anything like other people's food pigs. Please
1,I don't understand what's so funny
4,It's a waste of time. The first 10 minutes were fun
4,I was fooled... This movie has such a high rating
1,It's fun to watch a movie like that
1,It's not good. Disgusting. The baby is cute
1,I didn't feel much personally
6,The story is interesting but what's so great about the movie. The sensitivity of gisaengs is a movie that would have been less than 7 points if mankind had only a man
1,This is funny?
5,Turns out he's in love with the river. It takes a while for me
1,Isn't it just a popular animation for kids?
1,The rating is too high for the quality of the work
4,It's just this level.That level
1,It's not something you should just look at Disappointed. Disappointed
1,It's not fun because it's not fun. It's over
1,I came to lower the rating because it was too high.  I can't believe it's higher than the movies that will be history.LOL
1,A ridiculous cartoon? A director who made what he wanted to do? OOO?
1,I don't think animations fit me No fun at all right
1,That's too high
1,The bubbles are too much ;;;;
1,I'll adjust the rating. Sorry
1,I watched the most boring movie of my life.
1,Ohhhh kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
1,Jjokguk video media is no no...; only love letters are accepted.
1,I think 5 points is appropriate except for what's fun and what's
1,Kids don't care about cartoons
5,It's worth watching. But I don't think it's in the 9-point range
1,It was such an obvious story.
5,It's the best. It's hard to watch a movie~~
1,I enjoyed watching it.
1,I don't know what's funny at all.
2,Eight movies are enough...
1,I don't want to waste half a star
1,I don't know why the score is so high.
6,People who give 10 points seem to give 10 points in any movie. I think the people who gave me 1 point are trying to balance the score because of those people.
1,This kind of movie is not fun. 10 letters
1,An animation that doesn't need words.
5,Why do you keep giving meaning that doesn't even exist? People who think it's funny think that their mental age is under 10 years old...
5,I give you 5 points overall.
1,I don't know... Was this such a great Annie?
1,It's too high. It's too high. It's too high
6,It's just so-so
1,I wish we had a good animation like this
5,I think it was worth watching againGood
1,Childish Annie...Japanese animation is still elementary school level
1,I don't understand why you're coming out again now and catching people's attention.
6,Fun but not many theaters.
6,I don't know what this is about. It's not that
1,I didn't really enjoy watching an animation.Quality is lower than Disney
1,The content is childish.a right-wing coach
1,This is the 2nd highest rating on NAVER Movie DB. Look at the Navarian class...;;
1,You do it on TV a lot. Why would you watch it?
1,Why do I have to film it again? That's so lame.
6,A bit of cinematic beauty! All the characters that are fascinating and have a fantasy vibe
1,The rating of Solka's 9-point range seems excessive. 7 points are appropriate
1,I'm disappointed to glorify such a poor slave contract girl in the sauna
1,We need to adjust the rating This is second place? I'll give you one point.
1,I can't understand the spirit of a Japanese writer.Boring memories throughout the whole time
1,I don't know when it was released.
1,The worst movie of my life.Put down the horror movie right now
1,Boring. Too high
1,It's fun to adjust the ratings. But the ratings aren't this high
1,To put up mononoke
1,It's just a Japanese animation. I feel like I'm doing this.
2,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
1,The story was so vague that I watched it and turned it off in the middle; my mom and dad went to such a strange world without much shock; and I just adapted to it because it wasn't realistic and it wasn't fun
1,Why is the rating so high? ridiculous
1,After Hayao Miyazaki... People need to end well
1,For normalization of ratings...How is this third place??
1,I give you 1 point to lower the score. Princess Wonryeong is 10 times better
5,The rating... It's not this much. It's just a normal level of animation
6,Why can't I feel it?
1,I don't know why this score is so high
1,It's a trashy cartoon.
1,Less fun than Shawshank Escape
1,It's not that... I don't that impressive
1,Hmm... I don't know if it's fun... It's just...
1,It's not that much fun. It's worth watching
1,The worldview in which Japan's numerous miscellaneous gods appear is very repulsive to me.
1,The rating adjustment is Rapunzel. Disney in Frozen is the best
1,Definitely a great Annie but not enough movie to give 9.33 so I give a decent grade at this point
1,I love you so much
5,The content development is not too natural.I'm a little disappointed when I expect a good story.
5,I met Haku at the river. I'm sorry that there was no double track
1,It was so gross!
1,I don't know what it's about  It was nice that my eyes were purified
1,I don't know if it's that fun...
1,an ordinary Japanese film wrapped in a package an undeserved rating
1,It's not fun. It's childish. The drawing style is not that good
1,The movie that was overrated...
1,I don't think it's that funny. I gave him 1 point because he was dumbfounded
1,the lord of Sen and Kim Bosung
1,Touching and fun are also missing
1,It's not good
1,Overpackaged movie...Seven points
6,It was a bit childish when I saw it before.
1,....other animation is better
1,The rating is too high. Isn't it Lee Jung-don?
1,It's not my style.I don't really...
1,He's not good at movies
1,Loyalty! How can you get such a high score for Japan?I'll drop you off with loyalty!
1,Look at this
1,Raw hairtail fish
1,The man's head is missing
1,a film that goes missing
1,with no loyalty
1,a prison camp
1,Why do Koreans watch Japanese cartoons like this?  Our Oh Yoo-in is against this kind of irresponsible behavior! Ilppong out
2,It's not that...
1,I think 9 points is too much...I think 8 points is goodThe characters aren't loyal
1,Why is it 9 points? 7 points is enough. It's a cartoon but it's hard to solve
1,That's a ridiculous cartoon.
1,It's ridiculous
1,He's not cool
1,You have to punish a ridiculous movie. What do you mean animation is the best?
1,Do you know Kang Ho?
1,the act of escaping by oneself without loyalty
1,Ugh...!
1,I don't know how many children will be shocked to see Chihiro betray his loyalty.
1,It's like they're laughing at the camp's seeds
1,I don't know
1,There's no 가
1,The characters who are not loyal. What's the point of being handsome?
1,Japanese animations don't fit my emotions
1,I'm not good enough
1,Ddongkosho
1,Duck? Us? Wow!
1,hurray for the independence of Korea
1,Strong! Chihiro! Loyalty!
5,5 points for saving my mom and dad
1,MJH
1,the democratization of loyalists
1,have no loyalty
1,a film that undevotedly unaccounted for children
1,a bunch of smack one-of-the-box
1,I'm a cartoonist for kids who don't have a lot
1,one's loyalties are missing
1,New movies need to be on the list. How long are you going to be in the top ranks?
1,A movie with no loyalty. I couldn't help but shout after watching this movie. "Where's your loyalty?"
1,It's not a movie with 9 points
1,How can a cartoon that's not a movie have such a high rating? a loss of speech
4,I don't understand why it's funny when I watch it again. Maybe it's because my emotions are different from when I was young...
1,It's too high
1,Let's adjust the score. We should win no.1 in Korean movies in Korea
1,I think Byuloom's rating is too high for me
1,I was bored...
1,Let's show some foam
1,Not much ;;
1,The rating is too high. About 8 points is appropriate
1,I dozed off rather than lack of emotion
1,................................ it's a population movie.
1,What is it?
1,Foreign movies are not fun
4,The only thing I can say is Miyazaki. I'd rather see Lucky again.
1,It's just...
1,It's not that... Sorry
1,LOL
1,It's not that
1,It's not fun since I was a kid One of the movies I thought of
1,Not good.
1,Violation of the Aging Act
1,It was a lot of fun!
3,The movie that I showed you at school but made you sleep the whole time
5,It's good considering it's
1,There are so many elementary students...
1,The movie I want to give 10 points to... The world of Takku that I don't know...
1,It's a movie I don't really understand.
1,I can't believe this has a high rating. I honestly don't know if it's funny or not even twice
1,Why on earth is this movie more than 9 points? What's touching?
3,Why is Miyazaki's work so overrated in Korea?
5,I don't understand why this is a masterpiece
1,It's getting weirder and weirder as weirder and weirder.
1,It's not that high as an animation.
2,It wasn't much fun
2,It was fun!
1,Not really
1,Japanese devil
4,I don't recommend it unless you're a teenage girl
1,Good
1,It's a trash movie for me
6,I guess I'm old
1,I get sleepy after 30 minutes
6,I saw you yawn. What am I?
2,Did I expect too much? 8.9 points...
1,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.
1, be moved
5,Is it just me?
6,It was worth seeing.
1,A movie that I can't relate to at all in a way that's funny and touching
1,It wasn't that fun
5,More than I thought...Am I too old?
1,I don't know if it's funny.
5,Why is this movie boring to me?
1,not much
1,Good animation...But... Is this the best masterpiece of mankind?  My heart is 8.8...I take care of the score
6,Everyone has different taste in movies.I wasn't interested in the whole thing.
1,Watch a movie or a story about a pig country story
1,That's not fun.
1,I don't like it
1,The rating is too high to be lowered.  I tried to convey so many things that the content was...
1,Are all the people who gave me 10 points a fan?
2,The rating is too high
2,My horoscope is so generous.Not 10 but 7? The purpose of the movie is not communicated.
1,I watched Howl Bogu and I'm not sure if it's fun because Howl is fun
1,I don't understand why this is such a high rating
1,The rating is too high. Check it out!
1,Is it because I'm too old? Did I expect too much from Annie?
1,Boring...........................
5,I watched it because it was famous and it was not fun and touching. Am I weird?
1,This is so funny that I get this rating? ^^;;
1,Still 10 yuan
2,It's not as good as I thought. The quality is high.
1,lol
1,I'm not smart enough to understand.
1,It's boring...
1,It's jamdda
1,Isn't it too high?
3,It's not that...
1,not much
1,a movie for elementary school students
1,What a piece of course
2,Japanese version of Alice in Wonderland
1,Adjusting the Ratings--
1,Miyazaki's cartoonist is one of the worst
1,Comedy romance family is the best.
1,I don't like all the Japanese ones
1,Is this movie that interesting? Adjust the score for the national team.lol
1,Fantastic
1,What's this?
1,I was really bored
6,Hayao Miyazaki's work doesn't seem to suit me.
3,Tease-ya
1,I don't recommend it
1,Whoooooooooooo!
1,Elementary school movies...
1,This movie is so funny. They say I look like an elementary school student. ^^*
1,I wasn't funny
1,You have a high rating for being a low-ranking Miyazaki Anime. Haven't you seen Naushikana Laputa?
2,Am I the only one who's weird? I don't know why I have such a high score.
1,Fun but too high rating
1,Let's lower the rating
1,It was fun-
1,Let's lower the rating. I don't remember much
1,Beggar
6,Don't be greedy.
1,A movie full of hypocrisy made by a far-right racist. I feel nauseous.
1,It's a movie about the ending of "Awkwardness" and "Awkwardness" released from "Awkwardness" and "Awkwardness."
1,What a rubbish movie
1,I hate cartoons and I hate Japan
1,Don't overestimate me
1,It's not this much of a rating
6,Ghibli Annie seems half funny and half boring. It's a bit distracting
1,Realization
1,He said he didn't like the main character and it was too much
6,What should I say? A movie that makes you uncomfortable to watch
1,be overrated
1,Good
1,This is 10 points?
1,It's the longest
1,Just a normal episode and a cartoon. I was sleepy
1,I just sighed while watching it.What's wrong with the story?
1,Just trash
1,The score is too high. I'll give you 1 point.
1,Why is this so high?
5,16th place is appropriate for the animation ranking alone.
1,Why is this 9.26?
1,Childish.
1,Go home
1,I enjoyed watching it
1,The ratings are the same as the speed scans.^^ But if it was fun...
1,Don't look. There's no lesson
1,It's not fun. Bored. It'
1,I'm sick of it
1,One point
3,I personally didn't like it... I watched it before I went to the army. I watched it one more time. It's not that...
1,It wasn't fun. Is it not my taste?
1,It's not that ;;;
1,Japanese movies are not so good except for seven samurai
1,I don't like animations
1,I don't know. It's coming.
1,I like speeding scandals
1,It's not fun at all.Childishness. Childishness
1,The best! Hayao Miyazaki. I'm an animation director who likes it  Princess Wonryeong is a total masterpiece.
1,It's sad
1,Not good.
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,This is not very good.
1,That's... pathetic.
6,I was just like that's all.;;
1,I personally don't think it's funny
1,It's a bit annoying
1,Why do you say ggul ggul?
1,I don't think this is a good rating.
6,to have a dirty part ;;; My parents became pigs
1,It's a fun and touching piece... It's overrated
1,a really interesting movie
1,It's a lot lower than 1. 1 is legendary
6,It's still worth watching.
1,Let's match the critic's score.
1,564654648949 and Russian casual Firtunug 8
1,NASA's Environmental Macro is divided into six groups.
1,High Court of German Naval Officers
1,Dioxide International Park
6,It is not a masterpiece as much as the month E.But the Toy Story series is really fun.
6,It's like 10 years and it's not worth it
1,The rating is too high. It's not this bad...
1,It's not fun to watch it again
1,I'll give you one point.
1,--- I don't know. It's coming
4,Guidelines representing Pixar
1,Less moving than the previous one.
1,It's ridiculous that it's higher than Wall E
1,It's not a movie to be here
1,It's really childish. It's no fun
1,I think the evaluation is too much.
6,The last part was really good
1,This is the worstFrozen goes to Jinriimtos 3
1,It was overrated.
1,Let's just escape...K
2,I really can't watch it with my eyes open-- don't watch a trashy third rate movie;; I'll give you two points because the female lead is fooled
1,An animated movie that was interesting.^^
6,Killing time! Let's watch it with I.D. Wrong!Not particularly memorable
5,I don't think it's funny.
6,It's just normal... it's not a special finish
5,It was fun but boring
1,Good
6,Andy is tall and I am cut too...
5,Why is this a 3D movie?
1,The Best Story
1,For Bosung! For loyalty!         This is 1 point LOL
1,There's no way the toys!
1,A movie without dignity is not a movie
1,He's not taking his toys
1,have no manners between toys
1,A ridiculous movie!
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,at sunset
1,It's a waste of a movie that doesn'
1,I think this cartoon is lacking a lot...
1,I can't find any of them
1,a loyalist
1,How can a toy know?
1,1 point for giving a toy girl
1,It's not that...
1,Let's go down
5,The same pattern is a bit...
4,Especially the ending with zero empathy
1,Not really...
6,It's not very interesting.
1,What is this? It's not funny
6,I was bored because it's different for each person
6,Am I too big to be funny in this movie?
4,I'm tired of the same character but I made it well
6,Pixar has always considered being 'movie-like' with animation. There is no such thing in this movie.
1,Lasso... Bad...
6,a warm finish
1,It's not as touching as the previous one.Woody Buzz... Hi!
1,The first episode of "Toy Story" was the bestI dozed off while watching...;;
1,I think it could have been successful and reviewed because it was just a work that had the popularity of the previous one on its back.
1,It wasn't this touching
1,You have to lower it
1,It was boring...
1,Kkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkkakkakkakkakkakkakkak
5,It's more fun to train dragons.
1,An obvious set-up. And an obvious set-up. Eight or nine people in ten can guess the movie by just by looking at the set-up
4,It's a world where even toys are chosen as their owners.
1,It's so boring
1,It's not fun
5,Did I expect too much? If it wasn't good...
1,The prequel is more fun...
1,It's worse than the previous one. Why is this the highest in the series?
1,I can't watch animation.
1,There's no reason... it wasn't funny to me.
5,I don't think it's bad
6,It's just worth watching.
1,Not as good as Toy Story 1
1,It wasn't as touching as I thought.
1,One point
5,That's a really good movie
1,A lot of part-timers put it up
1,Am I old too? It's childish and boring
1,That's too much. I think there are too many people who gave 10 points without thinking
1,It's so high that I'm trying to get off... I think it's a 7.5 movie
1,Inception is also 9.13 and this movie is not enough to win 9.32
1,A movie I shouldn't have seen. The surprise that toys also have life and friendship was enough for once.
1,I don't think it's 9.33.
1,Let's lower it
1,Why do American movies feel cheesy?
6,Now it's just one of the normal animations.
1,You have a higher rating than Shawshank.
5,Is it because it's sad that it's the last one? You have to play with toys when you are young!
1,Everyone gave me 10 points
1,It's worth watching
1,That's too much. Let's stop here
1,I need to hurt you! You horoscope!
1,I watched it when I was in elementary school. Is it still on? a ridiculous rating
1,It's not that
1,Good
1,This is too much
1,Are you kidding me?
6,I don't think it's an adult movie. The rating is too high
6,It's fun too... The ending is so empty
1,It wasn't fun
5,I was expecting 9.33. It's not as fun as it was in the first episode
1,I got 10 points after watching this That's strange
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,Are you kidding me
1,이It's him
2,It's childish.
1,That's not fun.
1,Come down
6,It would have been nice if the movie was just for the kids and the adults were considerate for the adults
1,I've always hated Toy Story
5,I don't like it
1,It's a waste to watch it at the theater. I downloaded it and watched it
1,Well...
1,It's not that fun...
6,I don't know if it's because stories like this are common these days. But it reminds me of old memories.
1,I'm sorry I can't give you zero points. It's a dog rack
1,Part-timers... That's awesome.This OOO movie has a rating of 9? Hahah
1,..........not much
5,It's a movie that raises only cheap things
1,Damn-- why is this movie?Crayon Shin Chan measured it more
1,This isn't it...
5,It came out in the middle of the show
1,Let's lower it to puffed rice!
6,Not as fun as the first and second episodes
1,It's touching
1,not much
1,Is the animation number one?
1,..I don't think it suits me
1,That's not good
1,I don't think it suits me
1,I'm still watching things like this... Are you a baby?
4,It's a movie that brings back memories that make kindergarteners cry
6,A movie worth watching
5,Pixar Annie's up is boring and childish
1,I'm disappointed more than I expected.
1,to look at other people's ratingsYou are looking for fun. I was sad because I only watched the third one.I don't know
4,"Missing You" party!
4,Where should I cry?
5,be neither bad nor good
1,What did you enjoy so much about this movie? Where are you going?
1,It's not fun at all For my personality this is ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
5,About 7 points. It's perfect for kids hhhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhh...
4,I feel like I lost some money
1,3D letters are too short and childish
1,I think 8 points is enough
1,It's an authentic Hollywood story that succeeds in overcoming the odds that I want to give 7 points.
1,It was so boring compared to my previous work
1,It was so boring compared to my previous work.
1,It was so fantastic
1,It's the same story for those who watched the first and second episodes
2,I like my son.
1,Touching? Fun? I can't believe NAVER rating.
6,Watching children playing with toys reminds me of the old days.
1,1 is the truth of Toy Story
1,Wonju was heartbroken to see the back of his family who turned around due to lack of money at the only 3D theater.
1,This really wasn't it
1,I don't like it.
1,Good
1,Why am I... sleepy?
1,I don't like it
1,not much
1,Woowanggood was the least fun in my life. Why is it a continuing?It's a waste that I didn't get 0 point either. Don't worry
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,It's a boring toy
1,It's a movie that has nothing to say--
6,They must be memories now.
1,What a waste of money
1,Childishness... is strong...
1,Too high. It's just a movie with a story
1,It was worth watching. I strongly recommend "Toy Story 3"
6,Well... It wasn't that funWhy is it so high?
1,It's too boring
1,-- Are you kidding me?
1,It's childish
1,I can't let it go because it's childish.
1,I can't say anything about it. It's the worst
1,It's time to go down
6,I'm sorry...
5,I think this is it for "Toy Story".It'd be cliche if it came out to 4
1,I didn't know there were so many part-timers on NAVER rating.7 points is just right
1,It's a kid movie
2,I was looking forward to watching season 2.I'm so disappointed.I'm bored.
6,Where did I throw away the toy? The first part was really fun. You must have been looking forward to it a lot.
1,I personally don't like it
5,The toy I saw in elementary school 14 years ago and the toy now feels different
1,You're the truth
1,That's not fun.
1,It's a bit
1,not much LOL
4,I don't think there's any tension.
1,It's childish
1,It's so fun.
1,That's awesome
6,The bear's lines are memorable
1,It's so much fun
1,jackpot
1,I don't know. The rating is
1,I don't understand the ratings given by little kids. an obvious story
1,If you download it. The rating is too high
1,Elementary school movies
6,It's bland
1,have too high a rating
1,The rating seems to be extremely high;;;
1,Let's do a fun update...
1,It's boring. I don't want to waste it either.
1,It's fun!
4,Did I expect too much? Or did my childhood innocence die?
1,This is kind of fun.I thought it would be childish. But 9 points is enough. 9 points
1,Leave the part-time job
4,A movie that is not as good as I thought
1,Why is the rating so high? 5 points is enough. There is no glitter in the first and second episodes.
1,They're just kidding.
1,The worst in the series...
1,Toy Story should have ended in part two.
1,loljackpotLaughingering) Laughingering)
1,Like trash
1,I'm not a kid. I'm no longer touched...This...
5,.......It's a waste to pay and watch. But you're good at smirking in the middle
5,The standard is lower than it used to be.It's one of the movies that you don't have to watch in 3D.
5,It's a more obvious story...
6,good for children to see
1,Stop.
5,I should have downloaded it.
1,I don't really...
1,I just don't like it
5,What? Am I weird? It was boring and boring.I watched it in 4D. Money was such a waste.
5,It's not as good as the prequel. Don't look forward to it.
6,Is it because I'm old? It's not as interesting as the Toy Story I saw when I was a kid
1,It's not fun unless it's 3D.
1,Toy Story 3 reminds me of a transforming robot that I used to play with when I was young.
1,You could've come down a little.
2,a one-point movie for adults
4,It's fun for an elementary school movie.k.a movie
5,It was easy
6,I went to show them
3,It's a little childish to look at with money
1,Elementary school movies
1,Good for a video movie
1,Naver movie will come back to its place when vacation is over.
1,Elementary school movies
1,Animation is not good
4,I'm disappointed as much as I expected
1,Pixar's worst piece of work.Excessive action and far-fetched conflict.Annoying... They're not funny either!
1,It's better to train the dragon. be old-fashioned
1,It's too high.
1,I don't understand... 4 points! That's enough! a rubbish movie
6,Taming Dragons has raised people's eyes -_-;;; It's not a movie worth watching on IMAX.
1,It's a little...
1,Was I expecting too much? Oh my god
1,I'm just looking at the time.
6,It's the perfect movie for kids to watch
3,Graphic is worth seeing
1,I didn't watch the whole movie.I don't know
6,It's worth watching
1,It's okay for the kids to see
4,It's worth watching
1,That's a little childish.
1,I don't really...
1,LOL I'm crying at the fact that I paid money to watch this movie
1,For adults...
4,Children under the age of 10 will like it.It's sad to say goodbye and wrap it up
1,It's not fun...
1,Pixar movies are always very touching
1,Why do you have a lot of part-time jobs? I'll lower my rating. Fighting!
1,It's like watching a Pokemon with such an obvious ending
5,...........................Recommended for elementary school students...
1,It's not a sad and light. What could it be?
4,One of the people who came out blankly after looking at the netizens' ratings... Touching? Phew!
1,It's not a movie to watch
1,That's not fun.
1,It's not fun with rice. It's a little childish
1,Is the rating of an animated movie in the 9th grade?
1,It's good to take out the foam
1,a childish development
1,Sorry if I fell asleep while watching it
1,Childish movies
4,Why am I so boring? The action and the fun are much less than the previous ones. Not recommended.
6,There's no jam like I expected
1,Why is this number one rating?
1,A cruel toy movie where you can't look up the word fun with your eyes closed.
1,It's not being funnyLOL
1,It's a part-time job
1,Was I expecting too much?
2,It's... it's boring I've been fighting with villains.It always ends with the villain losing
1,Everything is good...Why is the Japanese doll "Totoro" coming out?
1,crying
6,It's not much. It's for the kids
1,a childish show
5,Is it coming out again?
1,Is this DC's biggest? What's this?
1,All the reasons why DC can't beat Marvel. Don't try to impress me
1,Oh my god.
1,A documentary about Batman saving Superman. Money is the best way to eat
1,What is this? :/:_//;*/;
1,It's not fun at all
1,It sounds like Spring Justice League 1 and
1,But isn't this a scam? Why are you selling the same movie for money like it's new?
4,Why is Galgadot's face getting bigger... Bigger than Aquaman.lol
6,Is Aquaman out of the blue?
4,Showing everything doesn't change the color
1,The Justice League was their own league
6,Why is this so boring?
6,I deleted BLACKPINK and deducted points
2,The story is going off topic. You like it? I think he's really good
1,This is the first time I have ever seen a movie and jumped in my sleep
5,Jack Snyder was the culprit
1,I just increased the content of the existing movie and released it to make it 4 hours.It feels like it's improved a little bit.
6,I just enjoyed watching it. But why are you throwing a bait when you said there's no sequel?
6,Then there's no tension at all
2,I can't stand it. How clumsy were you the day before?
1,I was disappointed with the loose part in the battle scene because of the excessive slow motion. There's a lack of urgency because there's a slow motion 3 or 4 times to catch an enemy.crying
4,I feel like I've watched a boring movie for a long time
5,The 2nd Watchman that Jack Spies will like.
6,There's no difference. It's just a dark side
3,A serious story like a fairy tale has been extended to four hours!
1,Four hours was really boring. Sigh...
1,Why does it look like a movie from the 90s? I should only watch Marvel for hero movies.
1,DC just needs a full reboot.I felt it again through this movie.There's no attractive character.I got the feeling from the group singing scene.That it's a failure.
1,I think the 2017 edition is much better.
1,He made four hours of trash
4,Jack Snyder's movie needs a law that forces the running time to not exceed 90 minutes
6,from poor to flat It's not a masterpiece anyway.
4,Let's stop now. It's so childish that it's hard to watch. I thought I was going to die after holding back the cringe for 4 hours.
3,The BGM for Wonder Woman is so annoying
2,Similar to Batman vs Superman
4,Unprobable development... a snapping plot
4,Snyder cut is just a bunch of stuff and boring stuff.The added CG scenes are really eye-popping
6,Gal Gadot's acting is terrible
6,More than half of the video is going at half the speed -- slow production? I don't know what I've got
2,It's so cringe-worthy. The only thing that's different from the previous one is the running time and the number of cringe-worthy lines... I'm not going to pay for DC again. I'm tired of the forced situation. It's my fault that I expected it
2,Is this for real? Aren't you a part-timer in the comments? It's just the same and boring. Don't look at me
6,As long as the brush stick was just like that!
1,It's too long...
1,This is really fun??? Why??
1,It's a billion-dollar movie
1,People who used to be racist now discriminate against Asians
1,a black film about Bumpemi
1,Keep in mind that less than 0.001% of all black people are black
5,Black + Women = Political Justice. a mediocre performance on a very modest plot
4,Women do housework
1,A movie that only one girl watches
1,a trash movie that only one girl likes
1,I'm from the Rating Board.
1,A typical PC movie like a beggar
1,You're trying to make a black woman stand out
1,I hate the PC.  I don't want to watch movies because of PC
1,horse-simulated farmer and herdsman southern farmer and herdsman energy
1,Nunique's Journey to the Crucifixion
1,hjikytuui6type clock
1,take the easy way forward
1,Code of National Association for Aeronautics and Aeronautics of Popular Sportsmen
1,Feminism is a mental illness
1,It's a movie that's the ultimate PC movie
6,The message and acting were good.
1,Oktoversky... It's like looking at a composite picture of Help. I hate it because Park Pyeong-sik gave me a high score.
6,It's not a 10-point movie
1,I think it's going to be foam.
1,Black beautification is all about winning
1,It's just a movie
1,I enjoyed watching it.
5,Too easy and easy to work out
1,It's like the Bible of PC bugs
1,I think it's a movie with a high rating.
3,Film for America by the United States by America
1,It's a little boring. It's not a movie I watched for fun.
1,The bathroom is 800 meters long and 40 minutes long.What's wrong with black people who are good at running? No fun... La La Land and Pikatteum
1,Boom boom. Megal would love it
5,What fun is this? It's not that funny.
6,It wasn't as attractive as I thought.
1,Women's rating of 9...75? I skip it with the help.
1,Rating too high 7 points is appropriate
2,The movie is like an inferiority complex that combines the black victim's consciousness and the female victim's consciousness. Black Femi Figures.
1,All men are equal under God. We have no reason or right to separate each other.
6,I don't think it's a movie that will get this much rating
6,A story with the limitations of 'conservative logic' to obey and exercise one's capabilities.  suit the taste of the mainstream
6,It's an obvious but cliche and cliche.
6,an interesting subject
1,the far-right Sorghani root
5,It's disappointing... I'm not sure I deserve high praise.
6,Zola's black lady
6,a bit boring enough to kill time
6,counter the cost-effective sentimental prejudice
1,There's nothing left I thought you were reading a fairy tale. It's a waste of money.
2,I guess I was looking forward to it too much. The climax was when he broke the coloured sign in the bathroom.
6,Putting old videos in between is rather distracting.
6,exciting space development It's exciting.
6,I don't know what's particularly good about racism and gender discrimination than the big welcome or any other movie about discrimination and it'
6,Minecraft Lego skills
1,A great movie. But the best movie in history is over-reacting
6,The cool bathroom scene is impressive. But the rest of the process flows so easily with love. It is bitter that the black human rights movement only emphasized women while turning a blind eye. It's not like blaming their discrimination and my discontent. It was both refreshing and warm
6,Hans Zimmer and Farrell's music makes the movie more wonderful
5,"America Is Great" with Black Discrimination
1,Is the Femi movie Megal out?
1,It's a movie about a woman!
1,I watched it because of Kevin Costner
6,It's a Disney movie that feels like rewatching too obvious and powerless Help
6,It was more meaningful because it was a true story.  There was something to be desired by 2 per cent.  discrimination against women and people of color People who struggle in reality where discrimination continues even nowLet's cheer up!
6,Half fun. Half touching
6,I lost track of time It's fun
6,It's easy and fun.I can understand that it's a little dangerous to talk about equality and human rights if you have the ability to do it.
1,NASA itself is a lie. What's the point of this?
1,Look at all the locusts coming in and putting them up
1,The screen was so black that I couldn't concentrate throughout the movie. I can't see well and I don't know who's who
4,Is the horoscope manipulation part of the promotion?  Don't do it!
1,a film incited by left-handed idiots. What are the political intentions of still making these films?
1,The defense of the French team is labor-intensive.
1,Why is this the number one movie rating of all time;; I don't understand
4,There seems to be a reason why Lotte can't sell. Poor cleaning condition without parking. Lack of trash can
1,Terminator is more fun
1,My eyes hurt because it's all black. I don't want to see it
1,The catch is that few black people have that ability in the reality of demagogues for the PC
1,It's about rating~~~
1,There were so many nigros that popcorn tasted a bit uncomfortable
6,It is a movie worth watching.
4,nothing more than a drama
1,What's the world like in what year--
2,You glorified Schindler too much.
4,a boring three-hour black-and-white school
1,The story of the world's largest soap factory
1,A lake group and a man in front of our arsenal.
1,Pino the Olapid and
1,hgjtyghjrthrujture
1,Delivery of Liberation Day to slim the nation down France
1,Delivery of Liberation Day to slim the nation down France
1,I shouldn't listen to one side of it. I can't believe that the emotion I saw in the past can be fake
1,Sporty Twentwaters is out of the ordinary.
1,No more Jewish movies like this.I don't want people who don't feel sorry for me.Is the war that the Jews are fighting now a good war?Look back on yourself...
1,The movie is based on humanism to save Jews from the axis of evil with the guilt of exploitation.
1,I don't like Jewish praise movies.
1,It's not fun at allcrying
1,a crude sentimental video premeditated to sympathize with their genocide
2,Cosmetic to the contrary and because of the current Jewish people. Ralph Fines' performance stood out
1,Do you feel sorry for the Jews?Palestinian children are still being killed by Jews.
1,I made a novel movie because I was afraid someone would say OOO is Jewish.The content is fiction
2,I almost threw up after watching this movie when I was in elementary school --; I think I've had a week of hues
1,I don't want to use the Holocaust as a shield to give sympathy to those who threaten world peace.
1,Palestinian Slaughter Israel and the U.S. Paid for Propaganda.
1,The Devil Schindler.
1,Don't watch this movie if you saw two faces of Schindler at MBC Surprise.The Devil Schindler
1,Hollywood Pictures is already full of Jewish marketing
1,I fell asleep while watching it
6,Jews who commit atrocities against Palestinians are also unforgivable. The Nazis and the Jews are the same
1,Best of best movie by a genius director
1,Schindler feels swindled in the beginning as if he's a masterpiece by the SS
1,Schindler is not a hero. Maybe he's more of a devil.
1,I was disappointed to see the surprise
1,Spielberg of the Jews
1,a fraudulent act
1,I saw a surprise! Check it out!
1,I saw a surprise LOL
1,The story in this movie is not true!!! Oscar is just a bad guy
1,You can tell that I was trying to impress you at the end.
1,I don't recommend it
1,I was looking forward to it.Disappointed
1,a distorted movie depicting a bad man as a hero
1,It is too high for the national team.Let's cut it
1,a cliche story
1,National University of Korea
1,I'm sleepy. The national team is touching
4,More than black and white movies...National team!
1,It's boring...I like Korean movies more these days.
1,Why was this so boring for me?
3,Makes me wake up at the end when I'm consistent.
5,It's a shame that something was exaggerated while trying to control a good movie
1,Jewish Delusion of Damages
1,Extrazone. Lots of movies
2,You're being fooled by the disgusting operations
1,Disgusting Jewish self-defense documentary. I threw up in disgust.
1,How long has it been over? Part-timers...
1,The Jewish speculative capital saved then brought about the IMF and the current financial crisis
1,a frustrating movie
6,I feel so sorry for the process of showing the conclusion
2,It must have been touching because there wasn't a movie like this back then
1,A movie that didn't touch my heart
1,I don't understand.;;; To be honest... It's so boring...;;
6,Good stories are just good stories...
4,I looked forward to it based on the scoreLiver.
1,I don't really...
1,It was a waste of time. I'm so angry
1,Too bad;
1,It's really not that good;
1,Not really;
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,...I'm getting sleepy
1,It's so far from reality.;;;
1,I don't think the movie was as fun as the rating
1,There were so many boring aspects
1,It's not as good as I thought
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,It's not as good as I thought
1,A movie that doesn't touch me as much
1,a OOO movie Spielberg on the Holocaust. Do you want to go?
3,You've been trying too hard to complete a Spielberg film It's the easiest Jewish massacre
1, a horst.
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
6,I slept in the beginning.
1,Where should I be touched?
1,It's been so long that the resolution is bad
4,Spielberg Can't Take The Weight Of Reality
1,Forced...
1,The movie that I turned off after watching it for 5 minutes is the first time in my life.This movie talks a lot
1,a dog's breakfast
1,It's a black-and-white movie. X
1,I dozed off
2,It doesn't feel like much.
1,I don't like black and white movies.
1,in memory of the Jewish charnel house
1,The Jewish movie is annoying.
6,I don't think it's more than this movie.
1,The pianist is much better
4,Somehow
5,It's a really good movie. But the Jewish story is not attractive.
5,Was it that fun? It's not that...
6,Boredom
1,It's worth watching. It's not the best. Let's reveal the score.
6,a typical Spielberg movie
1,Empathy
1,This movie is too exaggerated and only sees Jews as victims.
1,It's not fun.I quit in the middle because I was tiredness.;;;
3,You're right down there. And it was a little boring.
5,The ending scene was dragged so much that it became a new drama...
1,I don't want to...
1,a trash movie
1,I hate Israel. I hate Jews. I don't like this movie either.
1,a Jewish film made by Spielberg to win a prize-winning film
1,a touching film
2,I don't like the Spielberg movie.
1,Bubble
1,The rating is too high
6,Trying to impress you. But it's really touching.
6,I was so moved that I was so touched.
1,If you think about what the Jews are doing now...
4,I've seen it four times. A vicious Jew is no better than the Germans
1,Good
6,Am I emotionally dry -_-; it was a bit boring and not too emotional
1,...I don't like the intransigence to be touched
1,out of touch;
1,..it's not good for me
6,a dull and forced emotion
1,1 point because I don't like Jews
5,It's too flat and spielberg greasy.
1,The Grading Bad Boy of the Age 2
1,a rated villain of this age
4,an insistence for excessive impression
1,Don't watch this movie
2,My hair.
6,Why did you look at it with such prejudiced eyes?
1,a film for Jews
1,I don't want to be biased
2,A film without a story that unconditionally glorifies Jews.
1,Spielberg... it's a shame he's a bit Jewish.
1,The past that I want to forget
1,It's too bad that it's black and white. Less than 40 characters
6,Am I less sensitive? Why isn't it so touching?
5,a really bad movie Director Steven's "I Don't Want to Write Scenario" Starts with "Real Story Material"
1,Do you think this movie is a masterpiece?
1,It is less realistic and less likely. I think elementary students will like it.
1,It's not the Cold War. What kind of cringe-worthy movie is this?
6,Why does the Russian President and the Secretary of Defense talk in English?
6,Six points for the guts to still make 90's American movies
4,A classic American movie. A very obvious story.
6,an over-scale expansion of existing submarines
6,It's just worth watching.I didn't want to see him acting so cool and weighing himself down.It's like Steven Seagall.
1,I was fooled by 9 points
2,No Jam. I don't understand why it's 9 points. It's a waste of money if I watched it at double speed because I was so bored
4,I can't believe I'm raving about it's...
1,Not bad for a military movie.But the score of 9 is too high
1,I should have stopped watching the nuclear submarine when it jerked away a few meters from the obstacle.It is almost impossible to overlook the absurd progression.I recommend you to watch red October again rather than this.
6,Look at Putin. Does Russia look like a bing-dari hot pants? 러시아You've made the Russian kids too round.  Even a North Korean rifle unit in the 1950s would not be so incompetent.
1,Sci-fi fantasy action with no probability. Does Putin look like a pushover? One can see exactly why Ilbechung is a useless surpluslol
4,Best Submarine Movie The Privilege U-boat Can't Keep Up With The U-boat These Days Everything Feel So Manipulated Just A Rambo Movie Favorite's Movie High Rating Is Wrong
1,A Fantasy Movie That Arrogant America Can Do
1,It's a highly unlikely scenario
1,What neighborhood mafia is Russia?
5,I'm so interested.
6,It's not fun. Submarines don't seem to fit me.Private Ryan is much more interesting.
1,I enjoyed watching it.
5,Time goes by so fast.I don't think it's a good movie.It's like watching an exciting music video.
4,The old Turquoise only had Gerard Butcher in the submersible.
4,NAVER's rating is unbelievable. It's a movie with 4 points
6,Too unlikely. The main character is almost a military trial and a sense of life imprisonment. Torpedoes and missiles. Trust Assy and do nothing? It's like he's trying to kill the crew. But there's a sense of urgency
1,Let's start grading...
1,This isn't fun. It's not a movie for elementary school students
5,Am I the only one who looks sloppy?
1,Call of Duty story copy trash third rate movie. a rating-rigged film
5,The content is simple and not funny.
6,I was watching Crimson Tide and watching this... It wasn't that fun
6,It's some kind of movie.
5,That's too bad to compare to the Crimson Tide made by Michael BayRed Neck Target Entertainment Films
1,How can a trash movie get more than 9 points... Are they all part-timers?
1,This movie is ranked 1st in the action category.
1,I've been fooled by the ratings --;;; what movie is all about all the time and no sense of immersion I don't know why the ratings are so high. Are you all rating it like watching a movie?
1,6 Points Killing Time Movie No More or Less Ratings...
1,a San Mai movie where the actor is a waste
1,I'm disappointed as much as I expected a B-rated movie
6,The tension was well constructed so that two hours wouldn't be boring.
6,Why does this movie have such a high rating? 6-7. It is a movie that has a strong scent and the level of Russian conversation in English
5,a cartoonish development
6,Early : Wow Middle : Oh Late : Ddyong?
1,I'm writing comments because of the part-timers. a five to six-point movie
1,1 point is left because of the rating of the part-timers. Mid-seven points is appropriate
1,The kids who gave me 10 points will come back to get a rating after seeing the Crimson Tide U-boat
4,A lump of cliché... Too obvious.
6,The combat action was well-deserved liking
1,Was I the only one who didn't like it? Poorly connected acting and less immersive graphics... Everyone's rating is 10 points...Oh my god
6,American in English. The Russians wish they had done it in Russian
2,It feels like a famous actor was forced into a B-rated movie. It's hard for me to personally understand why the ratings are so high.
6,About 6 points. For killing time.
1,I was tricked by a rating. It's a movie that's suitable for 7 points at the most.
1,There are a lot of part-time jobs in the comments. It's like B
2,All Gerard Butler did was wait with no pride... All this submarine did was to be targeted with VVIPs that were rescued as a member of the commando team died. What the hell was so funny?
6,It's worse than I expected.The previews are all
6,It's all about showing off our weapons among the best countries
4,The missile jammer was more amazing than the submarine. Wow...
6,an unexpected shooting down of an anti-war missile
6,"THE" American Movie in many ways.
4,A movie that's perfect for killing time. A movie that's nervous but worth watching
1,Too unlikely;; who does the coup in the open air?
1,How can a movie like this
2,It's not fun if the p2p is already up
1,Adjusting the score Adjusting the score Adjusting the score Adjusting the score
5,It's not thrilling at all. The rating is too high.
6,It's worth noting if you like Military Battle.
4,The movie is Jonah's clumsy. Do you think he eats the basics automatically when the submarine comes out?  It's a really sloppy production.
5,How can you even write a score like this?  How can you just copy and paste a couple of people who can't even think? The CG level is only 10 points. What do you think? Look at the thunderbolt again
6,A ridiculous movie about a few soldiers from the rice kingdom blocking a coup d'état
2,Where did vod go?
5,I wish I could've made it more realistic and less probable because it was a ridiculous baby
5,Everyone who served in the army knows that the last part is nonsense. The setting of not intercepting and protecting the enemy in Chala is only possible in the movie; the army is not an emotional place to work.
6,You're really good at acting. It's fun to watch without thinking But the story is like a fairy tale
1,Can't we arrest all the part-timers?
4,....I happen to go to the movies once
6,a fishing film wrapped in a B-rated movie
2,Not as good as I expected. A movie I wouldn't have made it without Gerard Butler
1,I didn't even watch it all. It was like a low-quality reenactment of the last 20 years of American commercial film. Gerard Butler is not guilty
1,The Rotten Index score of 37 points tells us.I watched NAVER review and half dozed off.
6,The nuclear submarine's tense action adds to the track and field mission to save the Russian president.
1,Part-timers are having a hard time at the end of the year because they manipulate ratings as a group. The worst movie in my life. What was Gary Oldman crazy about?
6,Earth Guard Justice Apostle Captain America
5,There was a mixture of B-class sensibilities.
1,Russians speak English all together? Lack of detail
3,Part-time job comments... Don't fall for it.
3,It's ruined in America. Just that kind of movie
3,The gift set was too comprehensive.
1,You're adjusting the rating.
4,That's too bad. I wish I had focused more on submarines.I felt a bit like a B-rated drama in the navy room.A model citizen was the best.
2,It's trash...Annoying
6,I get sleepy while watching it. What's fun?
2,You're working hard to raise the ratings of the part-timersSee and feel it for yourself
6,I was only interested in diving
3,It's time to fire a machine gun in front of the last submarine. The Russian people speak English and the person who looks like an American is the Russian president? It's like a movie from the 80s.Why is Gary Oldman doing this kind of movie?
1,Don't look at it I hope there are no more people who are fooled by NAVER ratings. It's my first time using this I'm so angry and frustrated that it's really not fun I just want to run over and shoot you a missile I feel like I ate a billion sweet potatoes.I'm so speechless that I can't even get angry
6,It was worth watching the submarine movie I haven't seen in a long time
1,Prodo is a developmental cancer. Sam is a hero.
2,I don't really... The rating...
1,Hahahaha. That's not fun
1,Lord of the Rings is great. 1 point because it's too long lol
1,Not funny
1,What's the excuse for revitalizing the economy this year?
1,hjgjrythry
1,Space Corner users get angry and have hair on their hair.
1,Angry Jiang Yi-kang and Family and Collectivity
1,Balancing Unofficial Moral Loneliness in More People
5,It's too long~~Lack of editing power
1,Taiwan's Foreign Investment Fever
3,Darkness overshadowed by glamour. Poor performance
2,The main character doesn't care
1,It's not my style. It doesn't suit me
1,It's like an unrealistic soap opera
5,It's boring and too long...
2,Who the hell is the owner? Half-and-half-faced...I don't do anything at all. I think the real main character is Sam.  It's worth watching because there are more battle scenes in the third episode than the first one.
1,It's really not fun. I'll have to watch the chronicle of Narnia
1,The movie I don't understand the most why I'm a masterpiece. It doesn't matter if you hit me in the same way. I can proudly say that I don't like this movie and it's not fun. The Oak Monster was designed to be so dirty and horrible in a really nothing fantasy. You shouldn't get stressed out watching movies.
3,I don't know;; the most boring and uninteresting childish movie on the top list.
1,I still remember that I went to the theater with another woman at the end of December 2003 and the beginning of January 2004. I slept twice and I fell asleep strangely
1,It's so frustrating and boring.
1,The worst serial movie ever...
3,Phew... 25 hours of epic finally ends...
4,fall asleep while watching...as one feels
1,I was sleepy but I got a bad GPA
1,I slept 15 minutes after the movie started. It's not enough to be a fantasy. It's a war movie with different races
3,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
1,Children's fantasy...
1,The rating is too high.
1,Noisy and not funny jujube
1,The rating was too high.
1,Orcs are so scary
1,a foamy film
1,Rating adjustment
1,It's long
1,a really silly movie rating adjustment for the original
1,The score is too high.
1,I don't understand what it's about.How can this be 10 points?
1,The extension is boring.
3,It's not that fun
1,Overrated third-rate garbage
3,Boring!
5,About 5 points is appropriate
2,Why are you saying it's funny when it's not funny?
1,Peter Jagilsson has solved a lot of part-time jobs.Don't be fooled.I turned it off after 10 minutes
6,I'm not that funny
4,It was just like that
1,One point
4,It's kind of weird. Ghosts go wild. It doesn't make sense
1,a movie with ugly orcs
1,be far from my taste
1,Less than the first one
3,Fantasy... It's really not my thing;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Ah
6,I don't like furry clothes
1,Two Towers
3,Maybe it's because I've been looking at it from time to time. It wasn't fun
1,Odeok FANTASY that has no bottom or end. Professional players are frustrated
1,There are so many Fantasy Otakhu.
6,The ending is so boring
1,I don't like fantasy movies like this.
6,I think 3 is the most fun
5,There are many movies that surpass this movie before and after
6,I'm sorry. All three episodes were boring. It's just a must for culture. Don't waste your time and spend it on New Year's Day
1,Boring movie for people who don't like fantasy
1,1.2.3 It was boring for more than 9 hours in total.
1,It's a shame to finish
1,Dog disappointed novels are the best
1,I'm tired of it///////////////////////////////////////////////////
1,A movie that would disappoint people who have read books.
1,Where did you start working -_-
1,I don't think we're going to win first place
1,What the hell is this?
1,It's not a good idea
1,It's really not
1,This isn't right
1,It's a fantasy entertainment movie
1,It's not funny
1,not much
1,I don't like movies like this. It's just gross
1,It's just an expensive blockbuster carried on the original...   It was a little better than Roland Americh.
1,What is this money-painted movie?
5,The flaw is that it is too long and boring
1,Why is the return of the king the highest in the Lord of the Rings series? It's too focused on Gollum.
5,This is why I don't watch fantasy genre
1,I almost fell asleep.
1,A little bit of boredom.
1,a typical foamy film
1,It's not funny
1,a third-rate film
1,Why is it a sequel?
1,a great disappointment
1,The sequel shouldn't have come out
1,It should have come up to two towers
1,a far-fetched story;
1,Harry Potter is better
1,I should've made up to the second episode
1,Just trash
1,I thought it was a ring expedition
1,It's not as good as I thought
1,I thought you were peeing
1,I don't like fantasy like this
1,Gandalf is so cool and funny
1,I don't understand what you're saying--
6,I'm getting disappointed.
1,Boring movie for people who don't like fantasy
4,Boring.
1,The wizard doesn't shoot the magic. Gollum is the main character.
5,Lord of the Rings; I don't like it
3,Troy is a hundred times better
1,It's so much fun. I slept in the theater.The last one is very long.
1,I was dying of sleepiness.
6,The war was fun and boring The front part...
3,I feel bad for my friend who is dozing off next to me
1,What's left of it except for the fun of the eyes?
1,The horror channel CGV's 10-hour masterpiece...
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before.
4,Why am I not interested in the Lord of the Rings? I know I'm weird.)
1,The Lord of the Rings series are all boring.
1,Everything changes!!
1,a poor work
6,It's so boring
1,a hell of a sleepy movie
1,It was boring
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
1,It's the best part of the ring series
1,a film with little to say
1,The Lord of the Rings is a movie.
1,Elementary school movie. People who like it after watching this. Poor thing.
1,a low-class movie
6,a weak boy bearing the king's fatea wise leaderFantasy of love with his colleagues.
3,Except for the larger scale...
5,It's the least popular one of the series
6,The movie that didn't really touch me...
6,You've turned the book into a movie
6,It was like watching an animation movie
1,Banhajje of Baekje
5,The series was getting worse...
1,The title and the content don't match. Change it to Gollum's evil ring
1,The second one is better
6,It's too bad.
6,The graphics alone were so cool
1,Bubbles again
1,It's not Naestal
4,Boring.
3,I think two towers are better
1,It's a scale that you know the story clearly. a movie less than two towers
2,a movie that devastated my fantasy
1,Whatever
1,They say this is fun
3,I'm getting less and less interested I don't remember anything but the last scene
4,The Lord of the Rings series? CG tea is popping
3,Tickling is all about fun. My butt hurts
1,What do you mean it'
6,There are people who don't get along even if they feel and feel.
1,I don't understand a movie like this
1,Not really
1,a movie for elementary school students
1,It's not good
2,Frodo should have died
1,I fell asleep while watching the movie.Where the hell is fun?
1,Korean people are making too much of this
5,It's a pretty good movie.
2,Only the scale was big. A clear reflection of the limitations of popular fantasy.
1,-- It's not a movie.It's a drama! No more series
3,Give 3 points in terms of scale.I fell asleep while watching it.A good movie for children.
1,I was bored.
1,The last 30 minutes were fun and the movie was boring for the entire hour
1,I don't think 9.24 is. But the scale is good
1,I don't like fantasy movies. I like documentaries
1,A really childish movie
1,FANTASY is not good.
1,I don't like this kind of movie.Zero sense of reality...
6,I was just bored
1,Life is a hundred times more fun. It's 100 times more touching!
1,I slept. Why is the last one so long?
1,The movie is too much for the content.
1,It's like a 3D game.
1,an elementary movie
1,A really childish movie
6,It's not that funny
1,a big bubble in the history of film
5,a bit of boredom
1,I'm sick of dung-gao
1,Why the rating is high: 10 votes is 60%? It's a movie for teenagers outside.
4,An unexpected event was needed. lol
5,The ending is too textbook... The war god is the best
1,The ranking is too high
3,It's just a fantasy movie
1,That's...
6,You can't keep up with the original...
3,It was a fantasy with no content
1,Many people have seen it
5,It's less fun than the previous one. The second one is fun
2,a movie I don't understand at all
1,I slept over this at the theater.
1,I don't know what the hell this is about
5,Gandalf has a cane and never uses magic--a
6,How can Frodo take care of the ball?  I'm so happy for you
4,Even a psychotic program...What else is there besides war?
1,That was obvious. The first one is the best
6,It's a famous movie because of the special effects!
5,Is it so hard to throw away boring movie rings? I'm forcing myself to go
3,just for fun
2,Thorough entertainment is fun
1,Fantastic graphics! But a movie with only a shell...
1,It's getting worse. I enjoyed the first movie.
1,What's this?
1,It's a stupid movie with no fun at all right?
1,It's not good
1,I watched it on TV and it was really tearfully boring.
1,It's just the eyes and ears. It'
1,It's a movie that's only big and doesn't have a story. All I remember is Gollum.
1,Childish -- +...
6,A movie that's too normal except for the sights.
1,There's no content. There's only action. It's a waste of time
1,A really boring ending.The ending movie is more than 30 minutes long.
5,I heard that the first and second episodes are just previews. What is this?
6,The last boredom offsets all the enthusiasm.
1,What the hell is funny???It's a children's movie.
5,a sleepy movie
1,It's too long. I watched it before I fell asleep
1,x
1,I tried so hard not to sleep...
1,It's too long and boring.
1,Whatever
1,I really didn't like it
1,This rubbish movie --
1,I don't understand it because it's boring no matter how much I look at it.
1,I certainly pay tribute to that huge scale
1,It's a very boring movie
4,A movie worth watching.
1,Hmm...
1,That's not fun.
5,Boring double-track. CG all over the place. a frustrating plot Oscar for Best Picture (?)
4,Not allowed to watch over 15 years old... the height of childishness
1,Why is it more boring than the first and second episodes?
1,It wasn't good
5,I wish I'd removed the ring and ended it right away.lol
1,a series of boredom
1,Can't I give you 0 point?It's not funny
1,It's not fun at all right?
1,Makes me think too much ;;
1,I don't have any. ^^ LOL
1,I heard that Ian McKellen went blind right after the shooting an actor's meditation
1,Watch it when you can't sleep.I'm falling asleep by myself.a sleeping pill movie
5,A movie so generous that a villain is desperate! I watched half the movie and cheered for Oak.
1,Hollywood crap movie...
2,1Crystal of Ring Trash
1,See 33027: KKK apartheid
1,I watched 3 videos yesterday.It's not fun. Is it just me?
1,With the Korean flag flying
5,Boredom continues to the end of the series.
1,I doubt it's a film worth winning the entire Academy.
6,I was so sleepy. Lord of the Rings is the best
3,a dull old-fashioned movie
1,It was so long that it was boring...
1,We also... But then to the teacher!
1,It's so simple
1,I'm an Aragon
3,I felt a thrill throughout the movie
1,outside the battle scene
1,Boring!!! The director was trying to get it right for 3 hours.Especially Prudeau's annoying character
1,Hollywood push;;
2,The Lord of the Rings seems to like only those who like it -_-
1,Not really - --;;
1,Great people. It's a great movie.
3,Did I need three and a half hours?
3,This much for the ring?
1,Very ridiculous ghosts -_- part one was good; part two-thirds boring
1,The person who praises the ring is probably a ring official
1,It's so cruel
1,It was the worst.
1,Bored...
1,There's something that leaves Silmido. The ring is the best in fiction Silmido
6,I'm sorry about the scale and graphic packaging
1,What a great movie... But I can only give you one point for Silmido
1,What is it?
1,A really boring movie...Quick
1,Is this... a masterpiece?
3,Do you think the quantity beats the quality?
1,That's not good
1,There's a lot of empty carts. a despondent film
1,It's not fun. It's the height of boredom
5,I watched it today and it was fun. The end part wasn't good enough.
1,to put in one's oar
1,It's so good. ^^ It's really good. Ditta is good. It's the best
1,a typical Hollywood movie
1,The movie is too long.I was dying to go to the bathroom.
5,..the best movie of the 21st century! This is the first and last battle scene in my life
1,I'm sick of it
5,The best movie to remember forever!
5,A movie that I want to watch again!
5,I'll see you again in January.
2,It's not fun...Old Boy is more fun...
5,Run out of the theater when you are most touched and have fun.
5,I don't know if it's going to come out in the future.I feel an orgasm beyond excitement.
5,A movie that makes my heart race to watch again
5,I really enjoyed watching it for over 3 hours!
3,Was it a movie? Why is it 199 minutes? Outside site is 210 minutes.
5,It's starting to show up early this morning on the Internet sharing site.
4,The Lord of the Rings is back. And the king returned.
1,My movie
2,I don't like it
6,It will be released tomorrow.
1,Why aren't they showing me the video?
1,Harry Potter is the best...
1,FANTASY doesn't do much on Christmas
1,It wasn't good
2,Left-wing education is a murder weapon
6,Is it because you're looking forward to it? I just don't like it.
1,Am I looking forward to it too much?
2,A movie with a dog psycho that ruined the atmosphere of studying
2,It's a killing time movie in 2019
3,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.
1,It's so much fun. It's real
1,I saw it because the rating was high. What's wrong with the ending?
1,Po;Iolyuik.
1,jhkikytuiytur
2,an ordinary movie that doesn't touch much and is boring
1,The movie itself is about nurturing irresponsible teachers who seem to be needed by society these days
1,It's boring. It's not fun
1,It's a beggarly feeling that I hate the most
1,a crazy movie
4,Maybe Neil chose the play as a breakaway or a liberation zone. The results would have been different if the parents trusted their children more. Mistrust makes me learn to lie. I've learned where the drug's habit came from
1,I watched it for about 50 minutes and turned it off. It's boring.
1,Did the kids understand what Keating said? Only Neil seems to know the true meaning of Key Tim
1,A typical 8th grade syndrome movie. Just the right level of movie.
1,A good movie or rating is too high
1,Disappointment compared to expectation. But it's clear that it's a good movie.A movie I recommend to my students. (Grade 6.8)
1,A beautiful movie for the teachers' union
6,Shaking students...
1,My child's life is ruined by the wrong teacher.
2,Dead earthquake society! There was an earthquake and this is the top search ranking...Hah!
6,A Passion for Dreams and a Framed Real Society
1,Just an emotional incendiary film. Reality and ideals are different
1,It's not that bad. It's a movie
1,Outstanding visual beauty and fairy tale for adults
6,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it so much...
5,Fiction seems to be better...10 points is a bit...
1,It's not a very... cultural piece.It was less than I expected.
1,To give a rating above 1 point means that there is no one who watches the movie as much.
1,It was boring. What's fun about this?
4,The subject matter was not very interesting The moving space of the characters was so small and boring
6,A good example of a teacher's movie.
1,The least interesting movie I've ever seen. It ended very quickly and it wasn't fun
5,A movie that brings out cliché and cliché. I don't know why it's a masterpiece.
4,a youth enlightenment film
1,What the hell is a masterpiece... it's boring...Doing weird things in the cave... A movie for elementary and middle school students...
4,It's boring and there's no lingering feeling a hell of a movie
1,a dead society
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
4,But what about the results?
5,Good movie but sleepy movie
1,The film at least has the potential to glorify the self-proclaimed "true education" of a parent organization that infuses innocent children with anti-American and pro-North Korean ideology
6,I don't understand why it's a masterpiece. It's an overrated movie that tries to pull the strings except for the actor's acting skills
6,a feast of wise sayings from their life teacher
1,I can only relate to it. What's so touching
5,Don't lose your balance between reality and ideal
6,speak tritely of true teachings
1,It's a sight to see those who praise OOs
1,Tell me why you're saying it's a masterpiece here
6,It was a difficult movie for me.
5,Not bad but their own party
4,The problem is that it doesn't change
4,This is why cramming education is bad
6,It was a bit boring
5,The difference between reality and ideal is negative as if it's a confrontation between good and evil
1,Not really
1,It was so fun and rated high that I was bored to death
4,I'm sleepy
4,Did I expect too much? It's boring
3,It's too predictable.I can relate to the bottom of Peter Weir's workthe real thing
1,scenes that were too short to show strong friendship
5,School version of Patch Adams. A sense of standing out and pretending to be reformative. Old Guy Story. It's not funny.
1,a dull suicide film
1,What's this-- What's wrong with the rating? It's higher than this-- I almost fell asleep. Do you want to take responsibility?
1,What is this?
6,Why is this rated high? I guess the movie has a lot of meaning. I really don't know. It's boring.
6,sweet but vain idealism There's not much else to see.
1,I'm trying to hold back my sleep... I like famous lines but it's not fun
2,Movies should be fun. It wasn't enough for fun.
1,It's not good
1,be not up to par withIt's too low. It's a low artificial touch. It's cliche.
1,I don't think it's good
1,I don't like literature.
1,I don't recommend it
1,The national team is the best... Hollywood movie = movie with money all right?
5,a film in which the translator's interpretation of Carpe diem mass produced surplus
6,I'm touched at the end
1,I don't really...
6,The movie I saw after reading a book... Books are more fun ^^ But the last scene was good
6,I don't understand if I'm accustomed to this kind of society
6,Am I ignorant? I watched it boringly.
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's not that... The content is a bit childish. The video was really beautiful.
1,Haha... I feel empty...
1,low quality
4,Not really -_-...............
6,It was a difficult movie for me.
2,It didn't hit me.
3,It's pretty boring.
1,I'm going to go to Miryang
1,It's just a messy rationalization to put all the responsibility of education on society.
1,Sleepy. Sleepy
1,Sleepy
4,I looked forward to it after reading the book
1,It's not funny
1,Good
1,It's boring. It'm bored
1,This is the first time I've been fooled by a netizen's rating
1,It's nice.
1,It's just a touch to me...~
4,Is it because I read a book?But the movie was good!
1,I don't like this one
6,I feel the limitations and reflections of Carpe diem at the same time. If I had killed Neil sooner...
1,It was boring the whole time
1,alternatively or what;
1,It's too much of a classic to look at now;
1,It was so gloomy
1,It's too old
1,Compared to my expectations
1,Is it because of the high expectations?
1,That's the worst...
1,------------- I slept three times because I was bored
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,It didn't hit me
1,I don't care if it's boring
1,So boring
1,It was boring
1,I feel sleepy.
1,There's never been a movie this boring
1,Why is this movie so bad for me?
2,Why don't I like this movie?
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
4,I slept more than when I was young
6,I feel a cold society... ...and I see a clear ending.a frustrating movie
5,I didn't finish watching it
5,I personally think it's overrated
5,This movie is always rated by netizens. In Korea
4,Keating Struggles From His Disciple's Crotch On The Desk
1,I turned it off because I was tired of watching it in the middle
5,It's kind of boring
5,It's normal and fun.
5,It's a teen movie.
6,Did you grade him after watching the movie? It was a very ordinary movie.
1,Jim is generous.
1,It was boring the whole time I watched it.
1,I've never heard of a movie
1,No. 1 movie that's not funny.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,I was just like that'
1,All the fault lies with Mr. Keating.
4,I don't know...
1,It's not fun
5,But it was really boring;;
5,an ideal film that is rare in reality
1,Sleepiness...
2,I'm so touched. Why are you're bored
3,What's the reason for this? Are you all elderly?
1,Nasty boredom... ...like Cinema Heaven
1,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? Oh my god
3,I can't believe this is a masterpiece
1,This graduation... Where should I be touched? I watched it three times
1,It's a bit overrated
1,The poet is dead
1,A dead movie
4,It's so normal
2,What did you want?
1,It's foam!
5,Teacher's grace..._->
1,Just me too
1,Empathy
1,It's boring and I can't even relate to dogs...
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
4,Never.
5,I don't really...
1,not much
1,Did you sleep well?
1,What do you want me to do?
1,I'm bored
1,It's boring and boring.I forced myself to watch it. There's nothing else. Is it a textbook?
1,It's not my cup of tea.
5,It's not realistic. I don't want to be moved...
1,be thoroughly bored
1,I don't know if it's that funny
6,It's too ring-shaped
6,One of the overrated films except for the last scene
6,It was just normal...
1,Great movie!
3,Am I the only one who thought it was similar to School of Rock?
1,Titanic is the best compared to movies like this
1,I liked it when I was young Haha
5,It's got a higher rating than I thought.
1,Sleeping pill
6,It was kind of boring to me.
5,Nothing touched me
1,I'm so touched
5,I'm sorry... I didn't watch it
1,A movie recommended by KI HOON from Mega Study
1,Nice to meet you down there ↓ It's me
1,You're a referee. You're making three ad-hoo every week. It's hard to work on
1,Carpe diem lol Do you want to be a beggar while enjoying the present?
5,Are the people who gave 10 stars great artistic sense? I'm bored -_-;
1,a monster movie
1,It's not funny
2,It's not funny. It's the same with books. It's just crap
1,It's lagging!
6,Robin Williams' similar role is boring. It's a little obvious.
1,It's a movie that doesn't fit the mood of our country
1,This kind of thing is boring
1,a boring school of lessons
1,It's not a movie with such a high rating.
1,Boring
1,You don't get along with me!
1,I don't really...
1,I was bored! I slept--
1,I don't know because I haven't seen it.
1,I cried at the end. It's the best movie.
1,Good
1,It's worth seeing.
1,One vote for the person below.Oh my god
5,Movies fall short of novels;
1,You ruined the original
5,I don't want to be fake!
1,What?
1,I slept because it was too loud
6,Maybe it's because of the ethics class.I was boredom
1,What's in the whole story of the movie?What's the director trying to say?
1,I guess everyone has different tastes
1,Blocking my friend's suicide attempt...crying
4,Too oblivious to reality... It's just a well-made fairy tale.
5,Why is this movie so boring?
1,I'm so glad to see? It came up again.;;
6,It was the first novel I read when I was in 9th grade. The book is better
5,Is it a movie that doesn't suit me?
1,Are you kidding me?
1,It's a very good movie. But you're the best.Some
2,I think the captain is from there.
5,It's boring.
1,I'm so sick of it...
1,Dirty with the last of the traitors.
5,It's not funny enough
3,It's not enough to say it's the best.There are a lot of movies like this.
1,What is interesting.
1,a loose philosophy
1,This isn't right.
1,Tell him to go away. I don't know why he's giving me 10 points.
1,It's not fun
1,the worst movie ever
2,-_- I'm touched
1,Who wrote all the movie stuff up there? I was annoyed the whole time I watched you screw it all up
1,It's the worst movie ever
1,....no fun. It's DC now. I'm really bad at making Marvel movies.
1,It's a movie that doesn't want to waste the stars.It's so childish and almost beyond the story is almost over. I didn't expect Marvel to have such a lower level of movies than Korea. I think I should reflect on myself
1,노It's not fun. It's OO's.
1,Marvel's shallow national character is the same as the 2007 D-War cymbals' movie.
6,Save the Black Widow. I'm gonna have to kill him
2,Stop the funeral! Ten letters
1,How can a movie be this boring?
4,....no way more than five dead kids saved Shiva.wtf
2,Worst film to glorify a drug addict.
3,A very overrated movie... Marvel is not a Cinema.
1,Thank you. I quit Marvel because I looked like a beggar
4,Too boring. No tension.
4,Too boring. No tension.
1,It's boring at first and fun at the end
1,It's a childish hero with PC on it
1,It was fun. It was fun
1,It was fun. It was fun
6,"Infinity War" means "end game"
1,It's not fun at all right? Don't look forward to it
1,It's not fun at all right? Don't look forward to it
1,You really think this childish thing is funny?It's so cheesy
4,It's boring. I can't relate to it at all
1,It's not fun...
1,It's not fun...
2,Is this fun? Childish... Only the people I like are Bo-saem
2,Is this fun? Childish... Only the people I like are Bo-saem
6,Too bad a piece to be the end of an 11-year story
2,It's a boring movieThe genre is dramaWhat action?There's a real part-time job score
4,Only for Marvel fans. Will this movie be remembered 20 years later?
4,It's not realistic at all. It's a movie that elementary school students go crazy about
1,The Worst Superhero Movie
5,INFINITE WAR was good. It's a force to travel back to the past.
2,What's so funny about this? I fell asleep while watching it
6,I wish I hadn't buried Femi
6,I wish I hadn't buried Femi
1,Just eat the stew. It's not fun or touching
1,I don't even want to see why they gave me money
1,Cliché and the audience going crazy about it.Marvel seems to have fallen into mannerism after all
1,Oh my! It's just the big taffy of the dog Marvel! ;-;
1,Are you crazy about group running?  Do you fly at a low speed because you don't want to fight Thanos first?  Where is Peter hanging?
1,It's not the grand finale.Is this the best story?
2,It's perfect for sleeping.Boring.
1,Avengers is a movie that can only be understood if you watch all episodes. That's my strength and weakness
6,It feels like we don't get along. It's just that all the main characters come out.
5,It was the least fun in the Avengers series.
1,Where did all the bait evaporate?
2,I think I saw the worst movie
1,It's like torture.
1,A movie that childish adults would like
1,Three hours is a waste
2,2 points for Marble Choong
1,South Korea's
1,I don't understand that this is above your rating for your name
6,I didn't think he'd bring me back time travel
6,I think it's just...Am I looking forward to it too much?
1,It shows a story and cringe-worthy production boring moments that make one wonder how it got such a high rating
6,I have no choice but to watch...
6,It's a movie that people who don't like hero movies can enjoy
6,I enjoyed it~~~
2,It's the best movie ever My hands are shaking
6,It was fun(Laughing)
5,A movie that succeeded in bibiming Korean people who peed on Avengers 2 with cheap graphics.You should only watch the highlights of this graphic-painted movie on YouTube.Haha
1,It doesn't make sense that this score is higher than Joker.
6,Compared to that series...
1,The smell of Femi interrupted my immersion when I gave him the gauntlet It's good bye to the PC and the Femi-infused Marvel
1,How can you interpret "see you back" as "look at the back"? I heard that he is not Park Jihoon. I guess all translators of the same age as him have good personal connections.
2,Jjamppong is boring
1,Bubbles... The Avengers are all boring.
6,It was worth watching.
1,The fact that this is fun... Sigh...
1,I don't know why it's funny. It's long and boring
5,Captain Marvel's way of speaking is crazy
1,Their own movie that guarantees a good night's sleep for three hours
6,It's just that'Why do you kill Black Widow?
6,The ending was so empty!It's too bad!
2,It's unnecessarily boring
1,I don't know why these guys are crazy about movies.
2,What are the people who cry while watching this?
1,The epitome of Herrwood that doesn't fit my emotions
2,It's a boring bra that's far away from three hours
5,Marvel seems to be plastered with long running times and hectic CGs these days
1,Usual American heroism and the pathetic people who go crazy about it
6,It must have cost a lot of money. I can't concentrate because the story is too distracting
6,A movie that only fans will like
6,I don't think it's as good as I thought. Money is not a waste
6,Everything about the Avengers. I was disappointed with the light.
5,It was too crumpled to crumple up a movie that was forced to crumple up this and that to make it final I'm very disappointed. Thor Ragnarok is the only masterpiece in the Marvel series that can be a masterpiece
4,I just don't like the Avengers.
1,It's obvious. Probability is bread
4,I'm disappointed more than I expected
6,Kano-dosan and Dodo-soba noodles-스스주
1,I watched it on VOD at home and it was so boring that I watched it at 16x speed.  I can't understand how such a movie went beyond masterpieces like Avatar and Titanic.
4,I haven't watched it yet! I'll watch it this week
2,I watched a movie that was so boring that I couldn't even give it away
1,- It's easy to shake off the Joseon guy. - Torampu and Disney
6,The Avengers 2 is the best. Most of the final episodes are very boring in the early and mid-term.
5,5 points. Less than or equal to the killing time.
6,I think the writer is a Dragon Ball mania
2,It's not as good as I thought.It's just... It's not cool.
1,It's hard to survive in the public sentiment where you cry because you're truly touched by this
1,The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. Don't waste money
5,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.
6,At the expense of the "Heroine" and the restoration of childhood mischief.
1,Why do I think of Trump when I see an American hero like this?
1,I love you as much as one won
6,The process of time travel and collecting stones as if it were a good thing not to see them in theaters is boring. The last half hour or so of the re-battle is all
2,Poor Thanos. No more invasion of the Earth in space
6,Captain Marvel's flirting... I don't like it. Unlikable Marvel Characters
6,It's not the Marvel zone. It's fun
6,I want to see you again Save me
1,I'm really disappointed when I watch a movie seriously
1,The first one is good
1,What's so funny about this?
6,This series is getting worse and worse.
6,competitive in quantity rather than quality
1,a dog-dirty puerile middle-aged disease movie
6,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie
1,Marvel will be forgotten in my memory
1,I'm going to give a rating for Iron Man
2,It looks like the Avengers and Justice League will have a unified championship one day. The fun is small. The battle scene is weak and the flash of miscellaneous recollections. a self-pitying production We want a flashy action.  The Essence of Hero Movies
1,I'm watching it with a cold because it's up today. Is this a movie?Don OO... Damn you guys. Help world hunger and refugees with this money.  three wasted meals
4,It's a movie that kids will like
1,It's Gaekoda. It's a movie
1,It's not fun. 123456
1,The Complete Version of Femi Marble + Femi + PC Bump Movie
6,INFINITE War is different from what? It's boring
6,Is this... fun?;;;;
1,A very meaningful film customized to brainwash the South Korean people with bird's-eye bags in the Kingdom of Heaven
1,the exclusive possession of femi-coated otaku
5,How can a person fly? Are you Superman? It's not realistic.
1,I don't know what's funny
6,I think it's compared to the previous one
1,Boring and kids movies are boring
5,Everyone says it's fun.Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? 3 hours is boring.
6,I'm not disappointed or surprised by the obvious scenario
1,I almost died of boredom.
2,I thought it was Iron Man 4. It's unlikely that Thor stepped on the narrative. It's ridiculous
2,People who are not Marvel fans were bored. Explanatory people are on the rise
1,Why is a movie so boring?
1,I was surprised that there were many actors who were criticized for their personality problems because American jokes were not funny because they were all the same as any hero movies
1,This is what a movie without a script is like
1,노No fun. Don't watch it. It's not fun I slept well
1,It wasn't fun this time I really don't recommend it It's a waste of money
6,I like it up to here
1,It was so boring that I got angry while watching it. It's a miracle I didn't doze off.
6,Don't ask the scenario. Don't ask. This is the level of movies that cost a lot of money. It's money and effort spent. A rating of 6 is exactly that level.
2,You ate a lot of PC
6,You're not dragged around in this series
2,That's too long. That's enough
1,The days of Marbleworm are over now ^^
6,It's my fault for forgetting that it's a country of dog pigs and having high expectations. What was I who watched exactly 21 movies for this movie alone? There was too much to show. If there was a sense of moderation...
6,This isn't it...
1,Hero movies are really boring.I just slept
6,I guess my expectations were too high.
6,Why aren't you having Natalie's funeral?
6,I didn't expect much because of the previous works
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
4,It's a role that the captain has to play.
6,It's so fancy that there's no time to rest lol
6,I just got some on my PC
6,I enjoyed watching Iron Man movie.
6,Great! Look forward to the more fun series
4,It's boring and too long It was hard
6,It's too long. Avengers 1 is the best
6,The Marvel series is more than I expected.
1,Why am I so bored after 30 minutes?
4,And game. Let's stop.
1,The end of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. There's only a downhill road ahead.
6,I didn't watch the whole series philosophical
1,It went as far as it could be expected.It's like watching a rerun
6,It's a bit disappointing compared to the first episode
1,I'll give you 1 point because you suddenly put in the "A-ssa-ganism" scene.
2,The most boring Marvel series
1,I think it's time to change the childishness
4,It's boring and worse than I thought
5,It was kind of boring. It's too unscientific to solve quantum mechanics.
6,My son was sad and cried I enjoyed it
6,I enjoyed the movie
6,I hope that our country can make a world-class movie with these ideas and IT technology
6,Aal is fun
1,I hate it as much as Marvel 11112223333444455556666.
6,I'm so sad. I'm watching all the previous episodes
6,People kept dying and crying
6,I can feel the American way of American style
1,A hero movie of deep-rooted evil...He's always joking around with hero movies because of his unique characters
6,The introduction is less than Kim Infinity War
1,I think there are so many people who don't have any self-esteem when others say it's fun The probability is so low that I can't tell the story. I don't know how I can get 9.5 pointsWhy did Belir come out? Iron Man does everything
6,Oh... I was really looking forward to it. I think it'd be more fun if you watched it from time to time. It's a waste of my efforts not to give spoilers.
1,No fun at all. 3 hours was so hard. I'm going to watch Aladdin
6,In the words of a hero who protected mankind
1,Cheap commercial movies are a waste of stars
4,I think Infinity War was much more fun
1,3 points`21321312321321
6,Was I the only one who wasn't as good as I expected? Did I expect too much?
6,There's a jam. Marvel is definitely "Simabble"
4,It's a big movie. I'm looking forward to my next work.
2,Character collapse... Natasha character consumption
1,That's a maniac score.It's exactly 7 points.
4,It's more fun and boring than I thought
2,It's so long and boring. You just have to sleep and watch the part that comes out as a beggar
3,a movie full of PCs It's the woman who saved the Earth? Black becomes America's guardian? I was touched by Thor meeting his mom. 3
6,It's not that good.Hah!
2,Gaadaramabasai Shunshin
5,Did Thanos make it if it was half as good? What if the director and the writer say something different about the ending? How many characters did Rousseau screw up?
6,The most overrated movie of 2019. It's like the people of the former Soviet Union waiting in line to taste the Big Mac.
2,Boring Dragon Ball Arrogant
6,Something that Iron Man fans would like
5,It's a movie I watched with my son. It's so much fun
6,The beginning was so boring but fun
6,When I come out after watching a movie...I felt empty.Too bad I can't see them anymore.
4,I enjoyed it Haha
3,This is not three points. I want to give you 3000 points. (I love you three thousand♡)
2,Elementary and middle school boredom. The last one is fun. I almost fell asleep
4,I was bored to death. It's unnecessarily too long
6,I'll believe it. The only story was the movie that killed the head with the story
1,It was boring and boring
6,It was so-so. It wasn't a bad movie.
5,I guess my expectations were too high!
6,My parents slept on both sides at the beginning of the movie. They said they watched all of INFINITE War.
1,Phew... It's flashy. But that's all. I don't like hero movies like this
5,The boredom of the end of the movie is beyond that of the third half of the third half of the Lord of the Rings...
4,It's a perfect movie for you.
4,It's a little weird to think that Yondu's death is more delicate and meaningful than Tony's death in Marvel
6,I enjoyed watching it for 3 hours~~~^^
1,Is this fun? I don't understand. Is it because it's a hero mall?
5,Did I look forward to it too much? Is it because I got a spoiler? It's less than half as fast as Infinity War
6,One person who has nothing to say
1,Marvel movies = violent movies
6,I think children will like it
6,She's such a cool woman. I want to be one too
6,I really enjoyed the movie. The last one is Iron Man How many times has this been brewed?
4,I don't think it's that fun
6,It's kind of boring...
6,It wasn't fun when I was in my 50s
6,It was the last movie of the hero movie.
4,It's a movie for kids or maniacs
1,It's boring and it's a 1.2.3 storyline. Why isn't there a zero?
6,Bored with incomprehensible content
1,It's not fun because the proportion of Gaogal characters is small. Please end the Avengers series and make more Gaogal series.
1,A thorough commercial movie. Was it really fun?
6,It's not bad It's fun
6,I guess I was looking forward to it a lot
2,It's just an American movie - a little bit of rubbish
6,I enjoyed watching it. It was a clean finish
5,It feels like I endured the last 20 minutes of the battle
1,It was an interesting movie. The time was 3 hours
2,Is this a movie?try to run out a few times I've seen it through...
3,I love you as much as X1000 Marvel
5,I thought you were watching a documentary in the beginning
3,Boring start and boring end!
6,Death is meaningless if it's a time machine. You can always bring it back to life
6,an easygoing entertainment film
6,I'm bored at first and then quite a long time
1,I watched it twice. I just slept once. No fun
2,It's not that fun. It's so crude and boring
1,A movie like fast food might be the best for someone
6,It was Marvel after party.
2,It's really boring and full of cliche. The worst... Yawning... Yawning...
2,a boring new drama I'm not sure why this series is so popular.
1,Very disappointed. Marble is going down the drain.I don't like the action either.It's a waste of money if you watch this.See you after the show.
2,Why am I so bored? I can't wait to see the battle scene
4,Why do you finger snap when you're dying? Can't we just fight with gloves on?
4,It was boring than I expected
1,The two-hour introduction to the final duel was so long and boring that I thought I was going to die. The movie time was so long that I almost hit my butt.It's a waste of a single star
1,I've never seen such a boring movie.
6,It's not as fun as I expected.It was a bit disappointing.
6,INFINITE was 10 times more fun. This isn't even a documentary. I'll cut it and endure it
1,be no fun at all
6,It's fun to go to the spring together
6,A movie that you can watch in 2D rather than 4D...
5,I don't understand why people pay to watch a movie like this
2,It feels like I watched a long evening drama for two hours and the action movie is no different from the first one.I don't understand this is a rated and over 10 million movie.  Is it a marketing effect?
1,?? They're all messed up Is it okay like this way?
2,I hate foreign movies like that!
5,It was less fun than INFINITE WORLD because I was looking forward to it.
6,Was I the only one who didn't expect...crying
6,It wasn't as fun as I expectedThere were a lot of things that were unfortunate thingsT
1,It's a no-fun movie
1,It's not fun to watch Girl Cops. I love you as much as Girl Cops 6969. (Meaning it's twice as fun as Avengers)
2,Joe... Clothes... And... It's not fun
1,The least fun Avengers. Bored in the beginning
1,I slept because I was bored.
6,Why is Captain America holding a hammer because it's light?
2,It'll be fun until elementary school
1,Why are you paying for this and saying it's not as fun as the cartoon you watch at Spring Kindergarten?
2,The last series is really sleepy. I'm so disappointed. Is everyone a part-timer? I'm a real rating as an Avengers fan
6,With the levels... What's up with those guys who give me 10 points?
5,It was just like that. I liked the last one because it was so full. But the rest is a mess.
1,It's fun. It was so funny I almost followed Iron Man Black Widow
1,This is fun??  This is crazy.  Torture doesn't have this kind of torture.
1,Put it down. Put it down
1,What's all this fuss about? I'm sleepy
5,You're lucky you're the end
6,It was a bummer and obvious ending There are a lot of things that are unclear
2,It wasn't as good as I expected
1,Worst movie ever! It's a waste of 1 point.
1,It feels like I'm forcing myself to make a story.A movie that makes me feel bad after watching it.Disappointed. I don't want to see it again
4,It's not fun. Marvel is not good
6,Not as much as Infinity War
6,The movie is so long that I can't get into it.
6,Literally "Endgame" and reality hits me.
1,The obvious ending of a hero movie...
5,It's like watching the last episode for 3 hours.
1,The contents of the series didn't add up and the graphics were disappointing.
4,I became a heartless person because I didn't cry after watching the movie.
1,The lines cringe. It wasn't bad.
2,It's not fun. It's boring
6,Thor is like a dog
2,It wasn't fun. It was boring and bad except for when all the heroes came out at the end
4,It's my fault that I expected too much. The movie is not my fault
2,The worst... It's such a waste of time.The scene is separate and the story is not connected...
2,It's sad. I thought it was a melodrama
2,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's chaotic
6,I didn't like the movie that was famous for being funny
2,(Singing "Woo-Ha-Ha")
1,Gwanghaegun is a non-state flower importer
6,It's just a hero movie
2,I enjoyed the last series
4,It's nothing more than a fan movie
5,Story 8 points childishness 10 points hands and feet cringe boredom 8 points spoiler 10 points ending 7 points probability 1 point "weak heroes strong female warrior" 30s are too childish to watch...The awkwardness and childishness of watching American professional wrestling
6,It was boring and bad.
2,I had a hard time for three hours. I don't know which part is the most touching
6,Thanos is so mean
5,You can't let him get his hopes up and ruin it like this isn't it
3,I don't need three hours
2,I hate the ending for C.A. and Iron Man.
5,I don't know if the highlights are fun and other things are necessary.
6,showing the end of a hero movie
4,It wasn't funny. I don't understand people saying it's funny
1,Justis League V. Their own league.Let's stick to Justice League now
6,I think it's overrated. 3000 emotional arm is awesome.
6,I didn't do as well as I expected
1,A man who is mad at Girl Cops in another movie
2,I'm sleepy. There's no sleeping pill
6,A lot of heroes are supporting.The action scene is thumbs up
6,The story was obvious and embarrassing because I had high expectations and all the heroes came out.
4,I don't understand the selective deaths of Iron Man and Black Widow
1,I guess my expectations were too high
4,Hero movies are not my cup of tea. I saw it to kill time
1,Infinity War was much better.
1,I'm going to watch a movie like OO Maddigin. I'm going to watch Private Ryan or Paparotti again
1,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,There were so many things that I was disappointed I was really disappointed with about 6 things on https://youtu.be/UunZk8fS2dA
1,Your part-time job is like the AvengersThe greatest hero of all time is definitely the Avengers
1,Phew... It was really hard work...
2,The odds of winning in the tens of thousands were only that story; I was looking forward to a great storytelling.Cliché endings and impressive injections that use the most popular characters.What if Nolan or Tirantino got his hands on it? I miss the entertainment + philosophy + an uncontrollable ending because I'm looking forward to it so much that it's not a boring movie
6,Thank you. Thank you
2,It's a waste of stars. Infinity War is worth watching. This is
6,Why did you get off the IMAX 3D so fast?
2,It's not that... lol
2,I really don't know why I saw this
2,Why is the hero series that doesn't fit me a lot only in Korea?
1,I watched it for 2 hours and came out on the way because it was not fun. You've been talking for two hours. The worst movie of the year
4,It's just not worth watching
1,It's boring. The Avengers are going down the drain. The best movie in recent years is Hunter Killer
1,This is the right amount for this movie
2,I gave up while I was sleeping and lost all my money.
6,I guess it wasn't my cup of tea
2,You!I can't believe this is a movie with a rating of 9... I have nothing to say
1,I love you as much as Uncle Marvel.
1,People who have seen it and people who haven't seen it will not understand
6,I guess my expectations are high.It's a little short of my expectations.
2,It's so boring. It's a long time. It's the least fun I've ever seen
1,It was so boring and boring all the time
2,It's not fun. What a waste of time
5,The beginning and the middle were so boring Who knew how many years of waiting would only be rewarded with a late war scene
3,The brand power is so strong that people give good points even if the content is not good
1,INFINITE War was too powerful
1,I'm looking at this as persistence. 9 points for peace
6,It was a bit chaotic  The content is
1,Stop making their own movies
6,The first part of the Marvel Kidult mass-production operation is finally over.
6,It wasn't fun for me.I fell asleep while watching it. I don't know if Marvel movies will be fun
6,It's a shame that the ending is a little vague
1,I'll bring him back to Iron Man's Timestone
1,Why is this called "Spring Gaesip Elementary School"?
2,I feel like I could have ended with a sad ending in the previous episode. a boring running time
1,I'm a man in his 40s. I saw it because the reservation rate was high and everyone was going crazy. I really don't know what's funny about this. Just their own party? I feel like I was tricked by marketing.
2,It's not fun. It's not fun!
2,Avengers: Endgame 2019
2,Dong Han was so bored watching it~~
6,It was kind of boring...
4,Marvel is kind of a fad
3,I'm the only one who doesn't think it's funny. It's like a fancy gift box There was no fun or emotion.3 points for a fancy casting
4,I watched it because it was the last episode. Why is it so boring? 2 hours and 30 minutes. The battle scene was 20 minutes long. I almost died of boredom for 3 hours
4,It was just a long movie
1,There's no hero who can beat the Dark Knight yet.To get a rating on the Dark Knight.
6,Jjamppongtang... I didn't doze off and watched it
2,2 hours out of 3 hours is boring and 1 hour is barely boring
2,I'm watching it for two hours now.I'm getting cursed at.
2,I barely watched...withstanding my sleep.The 3D video has beauty.
5,a compilation that is not better than expected
1,The old hero movie is no fun
2,It's so boring and I'moved
2,It was nothing more than a human drama
2,I don't know what's funny.I don't know one.
1,The last battle scene was so much fun
2,Turned off and converted; dog
1,Kids don't watch childish chewing trash movies in the trash can
4,A movie that you shouldn't watch if you don't know the previous story
2,It wasn't fun for me. It was a healing movie that cured me of insomnia that I couldn't solve until now :)
2,What are you talking about? The movies before that... The touching chord... Family love... and time machine code...   Avengers: I think we should change the name to Back to the Future Game
6,a rather excessive distraction
1,I don't know what's fun about this...
1,It looks like it's going to continue endlessly.
4,an unnecessarily long film The video isn't that fancy
6,I can't understand the storyline
1,Do something about Captain Marvel
2,Why? Is there fun? Don't you smell cookies burning?
1,What's fun? Which part?
4,I don't expect much. It'It's a movie that solves questions about the ending of Infinity War
1,Did you just make it into a movie?
6,It's the end of Marvel's original members.That's too bad.
6,I love you 3000...
6,Different from previous series
1,It's trash. It's just words No action
6,I think the rating of 7
1,I slept well when Hawkeye came out
1,Two ladies were dozing off on both sides.  I endured and watched till the end!
1,I dozed off. The tedious beginning and the obvious ending.
6,Thor Nuff is serious.
4,The movie itself isn't very...
2,Am I the only one who got tired of it?  I was so tired of three hours
4,It's like an animated film. I'm so disappointed
1,I think it's too much fun rating and I'm tired of watching movies or watching game graphics.It was really hard to sit for three hours
5,an overrated film
1,That's the worst. A guy who likes Leon can get away with it.
1,a child-lover directed by
4,It's time to go!
1,A problematic work before it's a masterpiece.
6,I don't know why it's a masterpiece
2,Matilda Development Cancer. The ending song was good
1,Jopal Dirty. Disgusting movie about paedophilia as love. I hope there's a movie where a pretty boy takes off his underwear and seduces a woman who's a long age gap.
1,It's just a Rory movie. Disgusting
6,It should have ended in paternal love
6,If it weren't for Matilda's OO... Matilda is so annoying. I don't know why she glorifies her
6,I had high expectations for a masterpiece
1,A child sex crime glorification movie.
1,Disgusting Pedophilia movie
1,You're not a paedophile? I hope you will be able to say the same thing in the future when your beloved nephew is loved by an old uncle and suffers from paedophilia. Call it inner empathy and claim it's not a crime.
4,Saerom doesn't do anything in your movie
6,I understand the overall beauty of the movie. Matilda is frustrated and saddened by the thought of the ending when she goes alone and makes a mistake and Leon dies.
1,Humbert's syndrome is nothing more
1,The score is too high. It wasn't as impressive a movie as people wash it. A paedophile director is not surprising because you can guess from the movie.
1,A paedophile movie...
1,It should be re-evaluated. It's a children's romantic movie made by a sexual molester.
1,The movie that children's prostitution patients will go crazy
1,A masterpiece perfect for child-deprived adults
1,Why do you watch a movie that glorifies child love?
1,I'm not that funny. Dangerous movie
1,Children's favorite movie
1,a well-made child sexual exploitation film
1,There are a lot of movies to be re-released. How many times do I have to re-release them?
1,It's paedophilia.How can a little kid be so quiet in the scenario...It's a story that you can't help but accept if a child tries to do it's I'm sick of old people trying to sexualize a child. Making a child naturally subject to grades under the name of a work.
2,Why is the director Lori Com so highly evaluated? Noi Hae In movie
1,The score is too high. I'll give you 1 point
1,A third-rate movie. Let's play rock-paper-scissors in front of the mirror
1,Rory glorification serious other than that the scenario isn't that great The actor saves the movie but 1 point for paedophilia
2,This is totally Lolita...
2,It was far below expectations compared to the reputation of a masterpiece.
3,It's a very uncomfortable movie.
2,I can't believe this is... It's a crazy world. a glorified film of a murderer's support I gave one more point because my acting was excellent.
1,It's a movie that needs to stay in the top nine
6,A movie that makes you want to smoke in milk
1,I don't know why it's called a masterpieceThere's nothing more than love between a man and a minor girl
1,It all boils down to Bedat's "Ladylike Matilda." I'll give you 10 points for Hannam Jisoo ^^
1,There's nothing left but the OST
1,A movie that kills a girl who's a nuisance. This is why it's perfect to pretend you don't know...
1,노Don't watch it. It's not fun
1,I don't think it's first place I'll give you one point because the rating of 7.5 is reasonable
1,Why is the rating so high? It's worth 8 points
1,Is it possible to rate the audience?The test score seems to be too high.
1,Masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece
1,I wanted to give him 1 point
3,Great boast and small roast.
1,Kkakka kkakka kkakka kkakka black sunglasses
1,It's a movie that bothers me because it's memorable
1,What are you talking about? You're a great part-timer. You're so funny
1,The guy with the sunglasses is too big
5,It's a forced emotion to squeeze out of a murderer who thinks human life is worse than ant'
6,That's a good movie.It's good.
1,I'll make it look like Lori~~~~~~~~~~~~
1,Shape of My Heart ^^
1,It's uncomfortable to see...A kid...
1,I think Leon is going to kill me in my dream
1,It's not good... It's boring and it's about Loricon story
3,Hmm. I don't know why it's a masterpiece crying
1,That's the bubble rating that's not even funny -- it's like those who saw him post it'
1,Violation of the Matilda Aqing Act on Criminals
1,It's not 10 points...
1,I think I need to lower the rating. I'm just doing it
1,Lee Hyunwoo oppa is not Leon and it was not fun.
6,I don't think it's a masterpiece.
1,Boring movie! I fell asleep while watching it
5,Lolicon is a crime.
1,No part of the movie is funny or touching
1,Pretending to have something. Making things into box office. a forced smile
1,It's not a grade like this
1,One of the few foreign movies that is considered a masterpiece in Korea
6,Disappointment is great for fame.  I'll have to set a date again.
1,Humanism that would not exist in reality.
1,A movie that I can't relate to. Is there a love like Leon in reality?
1,It's just...What?
1,I can't believe this is a masterpiece. I can't help but laugh and cry
1,100 heroes per person... Why are you showing the old one again without a remake? Do you want to kill a Korean movie? I want to bury a Korean movie.
1,Acting like a child lover in Genre no.I'm afraid my son will grow upWhat are you doing in the women's club? Make Leon 19 gold and designate it as a youth-hazardous movie
1,have fun but no sense of humor
1,A romanticized movie about a warm-hearted killer. The murder of love ^^
1,It's boring. It's overrated.
1,Is it appropriate for a child to be a killer?
1,Why is Natalie Port so ugly here?
4,Leon is not number one.
6,You slept with Matilda Leon is an electronic anklet with just this...
6,Compared to his reputation...
6,What did he want to say after all?
1,I heard that it is a very interesting and impressive movie. I don't like to re-release it and eat it
1,I saw you pay a lot of money and why are you watching it again? It wasn't that funny
6,It was unexpected... A sad movie...
1,Ha ha.
1,the subculture method
1,Are you trying to re-release these Hollywood guys and make money again? Don't jump on the stoner without effort!
1,lolCome on!
1,What good is loyalty to a killer! There is loyalty to Korea. - Chairman of the Gyeonggi Provincial Branch of the Korea Loyalty Association -
1,I'm shocked at the irresponsible behavior of the two murder-mad sheep Can you call him a man?
1,a great deal
1,That's ridiculous
1,It's a movie where Leon explodes to death and Matilda lives alone without loyalty
1,be short-lived
1,Sleepy
1,a great tribe
1,It's not a piece of work that doesn't look great
1,I'm sick and tired of Matilda's incredible appearance.
1,a ridiculous film
1,a ridiculous film
1,You guys are so stupid
1,the female protagonist lives by herself without a hitch
1,I'm not loyal. I'll give you 1 point. What are you saying? Ahem. Ahem I'll give you one point I'm not doing it
1,the democratization of loyalists
5,Just an ordinary movie
1,It's a movie that leaves Matilda alone without loyalty
1,A movie about Leon dying
1,Impression without dignity is hypocrisy
1,She's a tough girl
1,What? You're so ridiculous
1,a 20th-century movie
1,a film of no loyalty
1,Is this a movie? You can't see it
1,Loyalty
1,Well... nothing more than self pity.
1,I was bored...
1,Let's show some foam
1,It's not my style.
1,Rubbish movie. I can see the level of our country when I see the rating bubble
1,What's wrong with this? It has a high rating
1,Not funny
1,Let's not glorify someone who kills people for money
6,I was not impressed because I watched too many similar movies after Leon
4,Why is this funny? I was bored
1,This is a pure love story?Stupid Leon and Natalie using it
6,Actors' acting is the best! But it's not my style
1,It's just worth watching. There's nothing left after watching
6,A simple ignorant but cute killer. Oldman shines properly.
1,Legend
3,Assistance dating in violation of the Special Act on Prostitution. It's not a very educational film.
2,I saw it because you saw a related search and I saw it -- you're acting like you'really funny?
1,The crazy Lolita story is too glorified and I don't think it's a nine-point movie
1,It's too high a rating to call such a lousy movie a masterpiece -- Lolita's taste?
2,It's just... It's kind of hard to watch recently
1,Do you have a mob mentality? I don't know why people say such crazy movies are fun
1,The rating is too high...
1,The rating of 7 points is good. It's not fun or touching
1,11 points
1,Sleepy
2,a dog trash movie
1,a poor work
1,a dog-eat-dog
5,I didn't leave anything behind.
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,Too unrealistic
1,It's not as fun as you think
6,It used to be fun
6,I don't know what it's about
1,Leon is fighting with Real
1,It's nothing.
1,What's the 2nd place? It's worth knowing the level of netizens here
1,How can this movie win first place?Not to that extent at all. Come down for Amadeus
1,It's not a movie to win first place
1,You're still in first place. Stop coming down
1,It's just... It's just...
1,9.1 points is appropriate
1,Just a well-made movie
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's not as fun as Titanic
1,Is this movie that interesting? Adjust the score for the national team.lol
1,I don't recommend it
1,Titanic
1,My rank in national universities
1,Long live the national team!The other movie is not a movie
1,a national fan club
1,The national team has to be number one no matter what. The national team is the best
1,the national team's No. 1 defense campaign
1,I think the rating is too high.
1,Then
1,a shoot-and-shooting rubbish film
1,How can you say that such a movie is so interesting that it's not like a hero's true character?
1,That's not fun.
1,The rating is too high. a seven-point movie
1,As expected...
1,It looks pretty boring now. What if I saw it earlier in my movie life?
1,It's not good.
1,I'm... I'm so bored
1,What is this? This is not right?Ten points...
1,Why do I hate Luc Besson?
1,It's fun
5,It was worth seeing
1,Good
1,I don't even remember
1,What a great movie
1,It's nothing.
1,I didn't like it either
6,I don't know.6.5 Jeongdu...
1,One point
1,Something emptiness fills my heart.~~
1,It was pretty boring watching
1,I expected a rating of four. Is that a different perspective?
1,Best French movie by far
1,What is this.................Why is the rating so high?
1,What is this...
1,It was worth watching
1,Is it because it's old? I'm a star
1,I don't understand;;;
1,Disappointing compared to the GPA
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,It's fine
1,a good movie
1,..because of the sequel;;;
1,The film was buried by the impression of unspeakable secrets and a sense of relaxation
1,I was the only one who didn't have fun.T
1,Only Natalie Ford is pretty
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,retribution for one's favor
1,retribution for one's favor
1,There's no denying that there's a bit of an overstatement.
1,an elusive movie
1,It doesn't hit me.
1,What the--;;;
1,This movie doesn't suit me.
1,It's not fun at all of a sudden Disappointed
1,It's a movie that's not good enough to say the least --;;
1,Terminator 2 admits. But this movie is...
1,I wanted a happy ending.I feel sorry for Matilda
1,Two to boost Shawshank's escape ranking
4,I felt a little empty.
1,They say it's fun. Is it because it's not my cup of tea?
1,Then
6,I'm always confused between Luc Besson and Jean-Renault
1,Not very much ;;
1,Not so much --;;
1,I don't like it.
6,I don't think it's the best...
1,a girl's favorite film with a touch of texture and cheapness
1,8 points is a moderate movie too overrated..
1,KIN
1,not much
1,It's too corny to be called a masterpiece
1,I don't like it
6,It's worth a look.
1,I don't know... First place is a little...
4,My own graduation that others say is a masterpiece. Lolita's subtly hidden desires
1,The rating is too high. It's not that high.
1,Hate
6,I saw it when I was so young that I didn't find it interesting.
1,Nothing to see...
5,I didn't feel anything special.
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's a war.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,I don't like Luc Besson.Why do you hate Korea?
1,I'll cut it and open it and get 1 point.
1,It's not as impressive as it is for fame.
1,It's not fun.
1,What is this...
5,More than I thought...
3,It's not as good as you think
3,A movie that leaves lingering emotions but is suitable for 3 points
2,Creating taste that can serve as a pillar of genre movies + 2. Poor background and angle
5,I don't understand the rave reviews.
1,Just.
3,a film worth watching
1,be not interested at all
6,Leon is the best movie.
1,an overrated movie
6,It's fun.
2,It's just like that
4,He seems to wander aimlessly Not good.
1,View license
1,not much
1,Mugando is much more fun. Sting music is good
5,It's not a low level.
1,I don't like French movies
1,It's not touching and it's too violent...Compared to Shawshank.
1,It doesn't make sense that a movie like this costs 10 yuan
1,It is not an eternal masterpiece.
5,Just 5 points...
1,I don't want to be violent with Lolita
1,It's not good...
5,10 points for fun. I don't know about the quality...I think it's about 7 points.
5,It's just an obvious action.
3,a funny note
1,Life is the best! This kind of movie is trash
1,That’s what I’m saying.
6,The love story between Leon and Matilda. And then there's nothing.
1,a movie that represents an overrated movie
1,The eight point range is appropriate
1,It's annoying
1,Sting music is good
1,I'm so touched
3,It wasn't fun.
1,What do you mean?
1,He made a movie about a dog or a cow
2,It's boring and bitter.
1,Leon wasn't funny. The background sound was too loud
1,It wasn't fun
5,I was just like that.
1,It's just a commercial movie. I'm so moved
1,It was so much fun. There's no more movieThe best movie ever
6,I can't really relate to it
1,The edited version was better
1,I've had enough of it
1,Up to this point
1,It is more interesting to buy OOO
1,I don't know what it is
1,It's not fun at all
1,It was worth watching.
4,Gary Oldman shows deterioration and Genreno locks himself in with the film.
1,Merge
5,It's just...It wasn't fun
5,Lol... It was fun.
1,What is it about?
1,My house Nayeon will all laugh
1,You're Leon. I'm Lee Marion
6,You feel it's different for each person
1,It's full of copies.It's the epitome of garbage.
1,It's boring
1,That's right
1,Let's lower the rating
1,Why is wasabi more fun for me?Is it?
1,Super Thrack
6,Leon has only one episode A very touching movie...I've seen it before
1,a fun movie
1,It's not funny
1,Not really
1,It's not fun
1,I'm sorry
6,It's the best for killing time
1,K
6,It's just that kind of movie
6,You can get a grenade safety pin
1,This isn't right.
1,Was it because I was looking forward to it too much?It's a little short of my expectations.But it's a pretty good movie
6,Perfect.
1,It's a masterpiece!
3,That's too much.
4,It's not a movie to that movie
4,I was a little bored
5,It's like a movie that pretends to be awake
6,It's better to be a cartoon when you were very young.Is it a movie that's going to get 12 million hearts?
1,It was like a dog's English test
1,It's so boring. The story is random and loud.In the beauty of stealing...The news is interesting because it is exam period...I like the image only
2,Make it make sense!
1,The most boring movie I've ever seen. Top 1
6,Post-Frozen Aladdin Live Edition. Jasmine and Genie are attractive.
1,I'm bored.Just looking at the time
6,Jam-s fun!
4,It's too long. Cartoons are better
1,I came out because it wasn't fun while watching Is it a movie or a forced musical? It's so boring
6,But there's a way to hand over the lamp to Jasmine at the end.
6,Genie was too talkative
6,Aladdin's reinterpretation with spectacular CG effects
1,Jasmine doesn't know what she's doing throughout the movie. mental harm
1,6.5 would be enough. No fun
6,Jasmine is so pretty because she thinks it's not just an exciting movie and deep story.^*♡
6,a rare film with a live-action film
1,a film that is not in one's personal taste
1,This S...B... Namjoo is a foreign worker. Women are active gold spoon.Disney always skips it;; It's a money-for-money scandal that's used to incite children to the left.
6,A movie that only reminds me of Genie
6,Why does Namjoo look so pathetic? There are a lot of handsome Indian actors
6,About 6 points. For killing time.
6,It was fun.My daughter watched it with her friends
2,It was boring and boring. It's a waste of money.
4,It's just fancy without hesitation.
6,Jasmine Wakku and Red Tuck got 10 points
6,It was so boring
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kids
6,Universal fun. Nothing special.
5,Only the song is good
6,It's disappointing except for Will Smith
1,Annie's antics and unimpressed. Jasmine is really pretty. Jaffa is miscasting. Genie is a hard carry.
6,It's fun to watch...
4,All I can think of is Genie
6,It was fun. The kids like it
6,The song SPEECHLESS was so good. TT sub couple is lovely too...
6,It's just... Ordinary Aladdin
4,unattractive characters It's too lengthy.
6,He is a man in his late 20s.This movie makes me cringe.The actors were singing and...I dropped out because I didn't have enough horsepower
6,Jaffa was really bad I don't like everything
6,It's fun!~~~^^
5,I'm so curious. I'm so curious for no reason
1,It even destroyed my childhood sentiments.
4,Too Much Genie's Battle of the Main Guest
1,I thought it was Bollywood
2,I've forgotten it since I saw itI write it because it reminds me of. Aladdin was fun.
1,I admit that the OST was excellent if it wasn't fun because I didn't like this kind of movie
1,It's incomparable to the original. But the OST is really good
2,Did I expect too much?That's disappointing!
1,I enjoyed watching it.
6,Is it fun to watch it in theaters? I didn't have enough fun to understand that it was over 10 million
6,It was nice to see you as a family
6,So so so
4,I'm not that depressed. Dark...;;  Oh my god
2,The whole time I watched it was so...It was boring...
4,What's fun except for the song? It's a song that I've been listening to since a long time ago and I'm familiar with it. Is this a movie that's over 10 million?
2,He gave two breads without money and ended up getting angry at the owner and singing and running away. I'll see you one day.
1,It's nothing. It's flashy.
6,I'm enjoying myself on a fantasticIt was a fun episode
2,Maybe it's because I don't like musical movies.I don't know what to do I?
1,A spoonful of Femi in the cooked rice.
6,The Aladdin in my memory was edited a lot.
2,It's a little childish
1,I think the rating is too high
1,How can you still rank 7th in all-time movie ratings? LOL
6,It was just like that
6,Will Smith's version of Genie was the best in the movie.
1,Guy's delusional play that he made because he wanted to do rich
2,When will it be released? I haven't seen it yet
5,It wasn't as fun as I thought
5,I think I did a good job with the original. Will Smith was good.
5,I didn't look good I fell asleep
6,It's a movie that only shows the song and Will Smith's acting
1,Why do you make Aladdin into a musical movie?
4,A gold spoon with no economic knowledge becomes king with pure blood buffs
5,It was so distracting and childish. I'd rather watch Toy Story 3 or Inside Out again.
4,It wasn't that funny.
2,I fell asleep while watching a movie that's perfect for sleeping
6,a sharp drop in density from mid to late
6,Just watch Disney original animation. Why is this movie so popular in Korea?I don't understand -- lol
1,Isn't that proof that people are getting stupid?Is it because there are a lot of parents who went with them to show their children?It seems serious.
1,Stop it now.I'm sick of it
3,With CG...
5,It's kind of boring
1,I'll take out a song and the rest
3,It was a very boring movie to give 3 points because of the attractiveness of male and female actors
2,It's like a Disney-style musical. The Indian movie has a strong Masala vibe is strong. He lacked the power to immerse himself in the play. The story lacks the power. 1 more point because the group dance was cool. I liked La La Land or the Great Showman more
1,What do you mean? Please look at Aladdin 1 animation and type it
2,It's a movie that made Disney feel that it won't be able to surpass animation in real life
1,I am in my 40s but I like animation and Disney. I don't think this is right. What movie has a rating of more than 9 million? I really don't get it
4,Why is the genie biased Why is the wish depending on interpretation Why is the main character less active than the monkey?
1,I just don't like the movie of singing. That's why I don't watch Indian movies
6,Is it fun? I'm going to tease you
6,Only one Will Smith performance was memorable.
1,It's not a movie that's going to be this highly regarded
1,The original distortion of a young woman being sultanated with a typical Disney-style feminist PCism... Laughing sultan? LOL
2,I'm afraid of what they'll learn from the story of a beautiful female protagonist and a thief male protagonist who doesn't pay and gives bread to other children
1,I'd rather watch Annie one more time
6,I guess it wasn't fun for the 2nd graders
6,The OST is really good
4,Why am I not touched?
1,Fun but requires rating adjustment
5,The song was good. The song...
6,Reminds me of Sinbad's adventures when I was a kid.I was so innocent back then.Why can't I touch a live-action movie?
5,For children. I guess I've lived in the world too long to be touched.
6,How hard and depressing is life waiting for 12 million people to see this? A cheerful fairy who makes your wish come true?
6,It's like reading a fairy tale
4,I don't recommend it to people who don't like musical movies.
4,What's so funny about this? I think middle school would be fun. Am I the only trash? in the middle
3,Boring and brazen. Why am I watching this? it occurred to me that
6,The eyes were pleasant and the altruistic spell was touching
2,- Childish and boring... - I don't understand those who praise himlol
4,It's a perfect movie to watch when I was young. It's not fun at all. It'd be better to remake it in 3D animation
1,It's the first time Disney has ever seen a boring childish movie. I can't watch it because I'm too young
1,I'm not funny and childish.  It's a story that kindergarteners and elementary school students will like. I can't concentrate because it's a musical.
1,I'll give you 1 point. I went to the movies and I fell for the musical
4,It wasn't my cup of tea.
6,More than expected? The score for the female lead's song
1,He's the most boring person in my life
6,Just a comfortable movie. Why is the rating so high?
6,one's place where everyone deserves to visit
4,It's childish for an old man
1,... It just comes out...
6,There's nothing to see but Will Smith's laugh code
4,I can't believe there are so many people living in this world who are impressed by this kind of film
4,Is it different from Fordy? Did I expect too much?
3,Rotten 57% Man in Black 22%. Trite and childish.
6,a Disney movie that I knew
5,Whether I'm behind the times. It's not fun. I only remember Speechless songs.
4,Is the male lead acting like a male character?I'd rather cast Jang Soo-won.I don't know if I got Botox on my face. - It's a good movie except for the male lead
6,Genie is not as good as animation.
4,Be serious. Everything is childish except Will Smith
2,Abu did a great job.
1,Is this jam? I really don't understand
6,I think it's good to take out Genie's test because I know how it feels at the end.
1,How long are you going to be on the web hard? -_- Stop it'
1,Is this really fun?  I really don't understand the movie taste. I turned it off while watching a movie after a long time ago.
1,It's not as bad as rumors
1,The ratings for the movies they watch are too high
4,It's so childish that I'm embarrassed. This is an insult to the original
6,They're a little scared and they can't concentrate~;;
6,It's just worth seeing. I don't recommend it to people who watched animations
1,I fall asleep while watching it... Elementary school students would say it's
2,Seriously... Is this movie fun?Ugh.
4,Are you all part-time jobs? Let's watch the animation first and talk
1,I personally think it's the worst movie
6,I'm suspicious of the intelligence of a movie character who has nothing to watch other than Genie
3,I can feel that it was made with money as if there was no probability or message made of unattractive characters!
6,It was a movie full of things to see
6,It's just an elementary movie. Fooled by the ratings
2,It's totally the best~~
5,Aladdin's live story OST from my childhood
5,It's the end of a live-action movie
2,What is it? I saw it at home.  It was so sloppy. Did you hit the box office with the music you heard at the theater with a lot of sound?
1,childish with a sloppy and cliche story It's a movie that has nothing to do but sing
5,What if Will Smith didn't play the genie?
1,Oh... The movie of OO...I'm yawning when it'll be fun until it's over
1,Oh my... It's like a kid's skit. I can't watch it because it's so childish.
1,Am I weird?It's not funny --;
6,I think it's a kill-
1,That's a lot of fun. Ha ha.
1,I don't understand adults saying this is funny. It's so obvious and childish
5,Just for the kids. Or watch it because you like the fancy screen.
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?Annie is a thousand times more fun.
1,Stop muzzling baby cartoons with your comic books.
5,It's not as good as I thought.
6,It's just my cheeks...Is this a movie that's over 10 million?Hah!
6,Only Genie's song is exciting. Up and down
1,Aladdin's name is a waste.
1,Did I lose my childhood innocence?Whether other audiences are pure or society-soiled adults are grossly uninterestingThis kind of movie is always a failure except for three idiots
1,The original is much more interesting
2,This is a re-release movie.
4,I doubt how many of the people who say they go beyond the original will remember it properly
1,You got a lot on your face
1,A Disney movie that middle school students will enjoy watching. I lived happily ever after~~
2,It's really boring...What do you mean 9 points...
6,Nothing in particular. There's nothing ugly...
3,Disney has changed. I can't believe they released a movie that's not up to this level
6,A simple family movie with good music and fun
6,I think it's an overrated movie.
6,A seven-year-old girl doesn't seem to be having much fun^^;;;
4,It's like (G)I-DLE's movieIt's not as good as I expected
4,It was a boring movie and only the song was good
4,I feel like I was trying to be funny
4,I'm having a wonderful time.It's like a live show
5,I can only see Genie. It's a bummer
1,I don't recommend it because I'm a fan of the original
6,Bad acting without Will Smith and the tiger.
1,That's the worst. Aladdin's live show
5,It's more fun than Lion King.
5,a comfortable movie
5,Will Smith worked hard.
4,It was boring...Now put it down
3,This goes beyond the original? I can't believe it. No fun Lim
6,It must be difficult for a child to see.
1,The movie Aladdin was really boring I really don't recommend it It is waste of money.
5,It was so-so. It looked so urgent
6,Hahahahahaha? That's a good songa small number
1,I wonder why everyone compliments when it's not fun
4,I guess I had high expectations.
2,I can't believe I paid for this
6,It's okay if you think of it as a child
6,I couldn't relate to Jasmine's part that came out of nowhere
2,I think the rating of this movie is too high for its quality. I was disappointed with Disney. I wasted my precious time.
6,Maybe it's because I saw the animation so impressive. It was a little childish. It's lower than I expected
2,It's nothing compared to the rumor
2,I don't know why this is in the 9-point range.
5,Thank you for Jasmine's song.
2,Why is the rating high?It's like an elementary school movie. That's it
1,The historical background is Jeolla-do's salt field
2,OOO movie rating is too high
6,I had high expectations for the movie.
4,It's an elementary movie. My money
6,Elementary school. There's nothing to watch these days. The movie is not interesting
6,It's very childish...
6,It's not that... Not funny.I wonder why it's over 10 million
1,PC = feces...
6,It's just like a movie
4,It was amazing... Really
5,I watched the Jasmine version because of Aladdin Will Smith
1,Robin Williams is the only one I have.
5,Not at all fantastic.A movie that's not even cool. Just for the sake of courtesy of old stories.
1,It's not that much fun
3,It's nothing less than Will Smith Hard Carry
6,It was just like that. It was boring Jeon
5,Flamboyantly floundering- Park Pyeong-sik (Cine 21) (★★☆)
1,Wasn't Aladdin and Genie the main character in the original? Jasmine and Genie are the main characters when Femi gets on them
1,I can't believe this childish movie is 10 million. The level of people watching movies is so unanswered
2,I'm kidding. What kind of movie is this?--It's art ♡ Ang!
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it too much. It was more childish than I thought. The OST was good
1,Look at the level of horoscope for women in their 20s. How can you give horoscope after watching the original movie? It's much better to watch a movie with grandmothers in their 40s than to watch a movie with themselves
6,It's worth watching with a kid I wish there were more songs
6,Childishness. It's embarrassing to show it to children.
1,Less than Les Misérables
6,The spring story is so touching that it's fun all the time
1,There's nothing fun to write. How can you write 10 letters? It's such a waste of money and almost went out of the middle. It's my first time leaving a review
3,This is 10 million
5,Let's think it over when the total number of viewers is 10 million.
6,Charismatic Zero villain is the biggest flaw. The subjective change of female characters according to the trend of the times is awkward. The gorgeous visual beauty and the cuteness of Genie's character are extra points. I didn't feel more overwhelmed than I thought.
2,I didn't see what was fun
4,I don't know why the ratings are so goodThe only thing that's unique is that I put in a lot of CGs. I wonder if I was looking forward to it
5,A movie that would have been boring if it weren't for Will Smith
2,Am I weird?I almost went out in the middle because it was so boring
6,I showed it to my mom
1,How can you make this into a movie?
1,It's not fun. It's not fun at allThe OST is boring
6,There's only one thing to eat at a famous party
4,The story composition and direction were not as good as I expected
6,Hard carry Disney's legacy only to Yeojoo.
6,A movie about Will Smith acting cute
2,It's for killing time. Why is everyone saying it's fun?
1,It's worse than Mamma Mia 2
5,Why are you stealing bread and making accusations?
4,The technical aspects are the best. The special effects music is amazing. The content is children's taste. I dozed off while watching it
6,Will Smith is a great actor.I read it as a fairy tale and saw it in a movie. The scale was great and the color is good.I liked it more because it was fancy
5,It's not my cup of tea^^; I heard that the daughter of elementary school student who went with me is very interesting~~
6,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it.
6,Is it a touch of past memories or another new admiration.
6,How can this be 5 points? I only liked the music
4,I don't know why it's 10 million. Children's movies
3,I'm sorry. It wasn't my style
1,It's a waste of time if it's a waste of time
1,It's an obese movie made by Sunmi
1,Was I the only one who didn't like it?
5,It's funI want to see it againah ah
6,It's over 10 millionSo I finally watched it and it was so boring
1,I've been watching Aladdin so much that I don't want to see it
1,A movie whose title is Aladdin.
6,I guess the Aladdin world in my head was more colorful. My standard scale was small
1,The problem with directing...The song is good...
1,I guess he had high expectations.I came out in the middle because I couldn't stand it.
4,I liked the old animation better.
1,It's not fun. It's childish and I'm not good at acting
6,Jasmine is so pretty. Will Smith is the best!  But what does it feel like it's not enough?
4,I hate singing like a musical
5,The actor looks like an employee of an Indian restaurant in Itaewon. I'm satisfied that my wife enjoyed watching it.
1,This is a 9.4 movie? I'm upset
1,If Lion King was more fun...
1,Adjust the rating. 945 Frozen to death
1,My life movie. This is a movieMy money!
6,I love the original so much that this crazy feminist mix of developments is disappointing and the important a whole new world doesn't seem to bring to life the beauty of the original
6,I don't think we should look forward to it too much.
2,Will Smith or something you wanted to run out of
2,There are so many songs. Spring. Don't watch Indian movie style if you don't like it.
6,It's fun. The heroine is so pretty
6,Jasmine is so pretty ♡.♡
1,It seems to show the level of Korea when grown-up adults are drooling and praising for something funny like an animated movie. I'm embarrassed. I can't believe this is over 10 million.
2,Middle Easterners always lie when they open their mouths.
1,The rating is so high that I need to adjust it. I really fell asleep because it was so boring.
2,I thought it was an Indian movie. I don't know what's fun other than bursting out laughing from time to time. I slept from time to time
4,A hectic and sloppy feeling. I don't like the music either.
6,It's a movie about Jasmine beauty
6,Jasmine stood out very much :)
1,The fact that there are so many part-timers in the comments will prove to be the opposite
1,I think it's a movie about kids who sleep soundly.
1,A movie that was disappointing and I only listened to music
1,Take the kids with you.
1,It's not fun at all  The song that pops out anytime is annoying
6,I watched it in 4D.The scenario that didn't make use of the original story is a musical movie that's not as good as I thought.
1,It seemed a little childish and obvious to me
1,A movie that a typical maam would like. Nothing more or less
2,I thought I was going to die because I was wasting money after reading the ratingsWhat do you mean a masterpiece? It's a childish and obvious story. It's not fun
2,Only the song is good.a waste of time
2,This kind of movie is going to go over 10 million!
6,Jasmine is pretty
2,If only Annie was better. a loser's pa
4,I was bored without touching or laughing. Did my emotions dry up?
4,I watched a movie because I heard it was fun and I was crying at the end. I don't know. Looking at all the compliments...I wonder if you really watched the same movie.
5,Why did I watch the original movie the day before I watched it?
4,A remake that didn't go beyond animation
1,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it so much
2,I'm sorry I didn't enjoy it.
6,Disney can't beat Spider-Man
1,Why am I so boring?
2,That's the worst. It's so boring Just a movie for kids to watch
6,It's good to see the kids Middle-aged men can look at them as if they like them
1,Feminism off the hook.
6,It's just a cute monkey and Will Smith leads the movie.
6,A story worthy of a new era! It would have been better if the title was "Jasmine"
1,It would have been better if I had taken out the musical and paid more attention to the cinematic perfection.Not bad for killing time
4,I'm bored because I'm sleepy?
1,The song comes out because it's a musical movie
3,Why was I so childish?
2,It's like I'm watching a thunderbolt.Childish. She'll like it if she's 15 years old.
1,It was really boring. I was always looking at the clock.
4,It wasn't that fun. Parasites are much better
2,It was so childish and boring...
6,I personally dislike musical movies because I don't like them.
1,Is this fun? I don't understand why the rating is 9.45 in the comments. The Korean mob mentality is very scary.
2,I got 2 points because of Will Smith
5,It was childish. It's okay to spend time
2,Am I weird? I've been thinking about why I'm paying for this throughout the movie
6,Jasmine is pretty~~ I enjoyed it^^
6,satisfying one's needs with Jasmine's song
5,It wasn't as bad as I thought
6,I don't see you!~It~
6,It reminds me of the memories of the original.The purpose of the ending is good
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? One point
6,My eyes were happy. It was fun
1,Don't be fooled. It's really not good
1,It's not Aladdin but Jasd. a film celebrated as a remembrance correction
1,It's a Genie movie from start to finish.
4,It was just childish
1,I think it's better to buy this as a VOD
5,Maybe the expectations were too high. I just did it.^^
2,I was fooled by the review. There are so many part-timers. I had regrets with my boyfriend. I was able to concentrate on the musical. The song was so compelling. I felt awkward crying and singing. I was so sleepy in the middle. Why did you manipulate the review?
6,I don't think I'm a good match with Disney Except for the female lead singing...
6,It's not as good as the original. The story is less likely and Will Smith can't match Robin Williams.
4,It's about the movie. It's obvious and the eyes are happy.
4,I saw it on Fordy... Was it just me who didn't it? 노래는 The song was so good that I didn't want to waste money
3,Why is it so popular when it's not that fun?  Download it from the internet and watch it
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it so much?
4,Isn't it a movie for babies?
6,a live-action film that Smith hard-carried and unintentionally jumped over the original
6,You moved the original animation to the real-life version
1,I thought my back was going to fall out
6,A movie that was boring except for the fun parts but kept thinking about music
6,Prince Alihi~~~
5,I moved the cartoon to reality... Other than that!!!??
1,It's hard to surpass the original with fancy CG.I miss Robin Williams.
1,I can't watch a movie that I want to go out after watching it because I made a story that could come out in an animation into real life
6,Disney's evolving pace
6,The Naomi Scott movie.
6,If it was normal...I was bored because I watched an animation when I was young
1,It's amazing and disappointing that a story with such a low probability has more than nine stars
6,a movie that makes you hum after watching it
4,It wasn't as good as I expected. Shouldn't we change the title to Abu and Magic Carpet? Abu Hard Carry bbb
1,I think cartoons are more interesting
5,It was a live-action movie that wasn't good or bad
1,Destroy the memories. The story is so...  I know that Disney princesses have been hard-caring for a long time.I think this is too much. I should have skipped this one and watched the Lion King.
6,It's not so fantastic
1,It's not a nine-point movie Settle down
1,Don't look. I'm the only one who wants to see it'
1,I won't say much. Get out of there!
1,This is a masterpiece that we can't evaluate
1,World film history is divided into BC Before Clementine AC After Clementine. The 1 point I gave you is a system problem that I can't give you 11 points
1,Why is it "1 point"?Why? Because masterpieces are the only thing in the world.
1,Let's be honest now;; please!
1,I was fooled by the rating. Don't be fooled. One rating point. It's "Oyeonghwa.Oh my god
1,It's not funny. Don't look at it
1,It's not 1 point. It's 1 point
1,I don't think Steven Seagal has seen this movie.
1,The fishing level is coming. Please refer to Namuwiki I almost fell for it ^^
1,Are you serious? This crazy movie is number 50--
1,I give you 11 points^^ Legendary masterpiece
2,Will the reviews be a part-time job? Are they really moved? Are they giving me 10 points just because I'm the only one who can't beat them?
1,The monster seems to be a monster. The class of monstrosity lasts forever.
1,I found out after watching this movie that the comment manipulator is real.
1,5 Billion Ratings Playground
1,Don't look. I'm screwed.
1,I hope it's ironic for those who gave me good grades.
2,Why is it 9 points? I can't be the only one who gets it
2,A movie that Hanwha fans must watch
1,a change of movement
1,This is not a point.It means number one in my heart.
1,Is this a movie? That's funny
1,Why is the story so boring?
1,It feels like I'm reading an imaginary novel while eating a whole Cheongyang chili pepper.
5,He's very rustic. I think you can easily get into it and watch it's like that. I think acting and movie music are good.
2,재It's not fun
1,But the movie doesn't have a lot of audience and I'm afraid of the evaluation
2,Why are you making such a boring movie like a con artist? Let's stop it. It's 2020! How many years are you going to make a mistake? You're proving to be a con artist
1,Don't mess with me. It's not fun.
2,I don't know what the plot is about. What are you talking about?
1,It's a real score. People wrote it because they thought it was unfair to see themselves I hope there's no damage like me
1,Don't be too harsh on me
1,Stop making fun of this movie. It's a five-point rating
1,It's an advance team. It's a ruined movie Don't ever look
1,The Satanites!!!
1,This number 1 is never 1. It is the realization of the thought that this movie feels like a star shining in the sky.
1,11 out of 10!
1,It's just a pity that there are only 10 horoscopes that you can give the best...
5,The director is cute
1,I don't participate in the old man's fishing and give a fact rating.
1,I'm going to watch it when it's re-released. I'll change it to 10 points after watching it!!...3D?!
1,You don't watch a good movie at once like drinking a good drink I will fill up the stars whenever I am moved and I watched the trailer today.
1,It's a movie that deserves applause at the Cannes Film Festival
2,I can't read Korean comments because they're so childish. Are there only otaku-saegi?
5,I gave this movie five points because it didn't have a stain on itself
4,Kick... more fun than the Dark Knight
1,This is not a point. It's an expression of my heart that I want to give 11 points.
1,I'll give you 1 point because you miss me
2,Turn up the actual start-up Turn up the actual start-up
1,That's like NAVER's rating! be full of energy
1,Breaking the real no-fun flow
1,How hard must it have been for movie investors like a bully?
1,10 points. Is terrorism fun? That's why Korean movie culture doesn't develop
3,I'm serious. It's fun The important thing is that every scene is so fun. I keep on wasting time and it's just a comic movie. It's fun
1,Someone said "10 points terror". "Kidding"
1,Olackney;a word for a lotus root.
1,I have been training to open my eyes for 1 hour and 40 minutes for 15 years because I don't want to miss this movie for a moment.
1,Pyeongsik... Is it not coming out?
1,a waste-like OOO plane I don't want to waste this kind of film
1,God recognizes the best movie in the history of the universe
1,Let's not do this. What's wrong with the rating?
4,But hold it in until the end and watch ends.  It's over after holding it in and it's over.
1,It's not fun. It's like a Korean movie
1,Project Depot and National Educational Worker 6 persons
1,I think it's my first time not watching a movie because I gave up in the middle. I didn't even want to rush through.
1,Don't watch this movie because you believe in the ratings It's not fun at allI'll give you 1 point if you can't see me
1,Stop it. I thought you guys were losing your mind the whole time I saw you
1,re-combustion of cold personnel and friendly ash
1,Lung cancer is cured after watching this movie My eyes are wide open and I lost 25kg
1,He worked hard to raise the score.It's a waste of one point
1,It's the worst movie ever. I don't want to give you a point
1,There are so many bad guys
2,Are you part-timers? That's the worst movie ever
1,The loser gives 10 points to fish!
6,You guys don't know the first verse
1,Give it a rest you bastards!!!
1,What is this? Are we all fishing?
5,I'm asking seriously. Can I get married if I watch this movie with my girlfriend in 2019?
1,Does this film need a rating?
1,I was fooled by the rating and reputation. I'm going to write seriously. Just the most precious thing in the world is my wasted time to watch this movie.
5,It's a movie with 5 points
1,A monster that can't hit "SHIELG"!
1,What is this? Why are all the reviews so funny? I have to look at it
2,I have nothing to say about this movie
5,Most of the main actors say this is the last movie
1,The Earth will be clean even if we catch people who gave us more than six points here.
1,What's wrong with this crap movie rating? I'm so annoyed. I got tricked and paid for it
1,I was tricked by the whole nation.
1,Let's lower the rating. 10 letters. 10 letters
2,I found a movie against this Call of Duty - Last War. Make sure you watch it Clementine's cancer is back
1,Let me say somethingWhat a stupid movie...
1,A movie that gives a lot of enlightenment about humans. How human is it to see the end?
1,Clementine... The result is different from being curious about "this adventure is great for me."
1,Is this movie fun? I heard it's not fun
1,I'll give you 1 point because you're number 1 in my heart. I watched it accidentally after breaking up with my girlfriend. I was so sad that I got depressed. Where are you going? Start...
1,Don't play with fake appreciation. Are you playing Ilbe?
1,Are these people crazy? What kind of ten points is this stupid movie?
1,A movie to watch when you want to throw it away for 2 hours in your life
2,All that's left is anger at the mother and daughter who were at the supermarket
1,I'm a fool to be fooled.
1,Why do you watch OOO movies?
1,That's a ridiculous score
1,I'm so proud of myself for not watching this
1,Let's not do this. You really got me. Damn it
1,I trusted my friend and saw him. This is the den of demons...
1,It's not fun. Don't watch it
2,Why is this flat land so high? Is it crazy? This? No fun
1,I gave you 1 point. Because I'm a comment worker
1,All the people who left comments are rotten
1,Don't be fooled! These guys are all in the same boat! I'm trying to take you to hell.What is this? Let go of me! Ugh! Ugh!
6,Even the critics refused to evaluate it. There's no critic's rating
1,This horoscope is a score for me who hasn't seen this movie yet.
1,Gukppong story. What is it?LOL
2,What the hell is wrong with you?
1,This is not a movie.  Childish.
1,I lost my time
1,It's a dump
1,You bad guys!!!  I proudly showed it to my family!
1,I found a meaning to live while reading the comments
2,The excitement of the PyeongChang Olympics is only two-tenths that of the film.
2,I have nothing to say. This is a movie
1,My eyes got rotten after watching the movie
1,One point is more precious than Geunhye
1,This joke is not funny at all
1,I'm getting mad after watching it. I'm a fool who believes in ratings
1,Oh my! Oh my!~~  Have I spent my time watching this movie?
4,Korean movies are divided before and after this movie
1,Just don't get up.
1,It's the first time I've been fooled by the score. I turned it off in the middle
1,Let's stop joking around with the comments. Return to appropriate ratings!
1,LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL
1,You're so good at it
1,Stop joking around with the ratings...
1,This score is given to me who hasn't seen this movie before.
1,each one of themselves
5,It's more fun to watch my cat eat
1,I had an anger management disorder after watching this movie. It's an informative movie
1,.!$!$#!$##%$!Puppy-like? I came to see some reviews
1,I looked at the ratings...Am I weird?I don't think so many people are going to mess with me.
1,The comments... Really...
1,A trash movie. A trash movie
1,I'm still mad... The dogs...The comments are really
1,o.m.g..I'm nervous
1,Is it a game of ratings by the majority?Or am I the problem?I really didn't like me
1,The level of watching a movie is amazing
1,Netizen's rating is too high.
1,You need to lower the rating. Is it good to play with this?
1,(Screaming)
1,Make sure to watch it. It's not 1 point. 11 points
1,These guys are kidding. They're not funny
5,A blot on life (★★.★).Lee Dong-joon's story that left ★★) will be given 5 points.
1,Netizens recognize the unity
1,I don't have anything to say. Don't play with me
1,It's not fun because it's a baby fishing
1,All the comments here are lies I'm just writing false reviews because I don't want to hurt myself. It's a movie that doesn't have any story-action acting to watch
1,This movie made my life meaningless.
1,I went to see him in high school and I wanted to stop living
1,The number one in my heart...
1,I love it. I love it
1,It's obviously a video...
1,No more words needed.
1,One... Netizen...
1,A movie that shouldn't come out only once in a thousand years.
1,Legendary unpaid comments posting fraud ratings on trash movies. LOL. You're so unemployed. If you see him doing this kind of fraud...LOL
1,There are so many people who don't want to cry alone
1,I was fooled by the rating and got movie insensitivity.T
1,I was almost fooled by the rating.
1,I desperately wanted to live in a real B.C.
1,That's rightHahaha
1,I watched it after the rating. What's wrong with the movie? Did I have such a high standard?좀 I'm a bit disappointed
1,Crazy people united as a group. How crazy is that to raise the rating to 9.3 and catch people? I can hear p2p site points being blown away Real
1,What's wrong with you? You're not funny
1,바How can all these people be together?
1,The reason why the rating is no longer going up is because once the people who gave 10 points erase it again and repeat the 10 points again
1,Clementine >>Real
1,What is this phenomenon? The rating
1,Justice is alive!
1,It's not fun
1,I thought I could really watch it!
1,People are really disgusted. They're a mess because they're a first-year student. Hell's Chosun is not making progress. Just push it down
1,I'm from the future. I'm informing you that your son was born. Now you've halved the amount of blame in half. My son's name? They say it's real.
1,The part-timers are going through a lot
1,I saw it... Oh... It's a shoju game. You have to catch as much as you can
1,Are you really saying that it's a century thing?
1,I gave you 1 point because of someone.
1,Don't play a joke on me
2,Is it a part-time job in the comments? The worst movie ever
1,I thought it was really fun.
1,I thought it was real. Is this a movie?
1,You guys are so mean... Some foreigners might be fooled by the ratings and try to borrow DVDs. LOL
1,That's too much. I didn't mean to give you know.
1,Mr. Steven
1,For treating insomnia ^^ highly recommended!
1,For the definition of the last remaining pool of land.
1,As expected of Rookie Rookie Ma! Super Rookie Rookie Boy! Ha!
1,It's the rating that I put uplifted
1,You're struggling to die together
1,It's just the most boring...
1,What's going on here?
1,National Civilian Drama
1,There are so many 10 points that I give you 1 point to remove the suspicion that the part-timers manipulated it.
1,All I can say is... ah...
1,I don't deserve to evaluate this movie...
1,I would believe it even if it was made by a high school student
1,I was tricked. I was tricked
4,4444 points dot 5555
1,Phew... Phew
1,Ha... I was tricked by my GPA
1,Are you crazy? Play jokes on the humor site.
1,I will correct the credibility of the movie rating again.
1,I can't believe this crying
1,I was tricked. Don't look. The rating is all fishing
1,I got better after watching this movie. It's because cancer cells have cancer.
1,This kind of garbage -- garbage that can't be recycled
1,Why is this so high? It's manipulating
1,I can't be the only one to die!
1,a rare film in which the whole nation is fishing for fun
1,Are the NAVER rating agencies really North Koreans?It's just a long time
1,It's a cringe-worthy movie. It's a movie that foreigners are shocked when they play it on a foreign tour bus. Don't be fooled by the ratings.
1,Ratings. A gaver movie dominated by part-timers
1,This isn't right.Rating manipulation
1,It's a masterpiece. It's a moving
1,That's disgusting. I'd rather play Soranet than watch this
1,Why can't I trust NAVER's peace?
1,A film that proves how poor young men are.
1,It's one person who's been tricked.
1,It really can't be like this. a masterpiece
1,The beginning of rating manipulation...
1,Excuse me. It's really boring Do you think it would be fun to say that the movie is really fun in irony? Look at the level of Hell Joseon
1,Will anyone be fooled by this rating?
1,Hey! People think Dongjun's movie is really fun after watching this. Stop it's
1,The reason why this comment is not recommended is probably because it gave one point to a 10-point movie
1,I was fooled by NAVER's rating A rubbish movie with no tears and no runny nose. It's a masterpiece that's convincing why it's ruined
1,I'll show you something!
1,I guess there are only OOOs in the eyes here ^^
1,Ah.. It is my first time to leave a review. I am going to stop watching movie after grade. I think it's okay for those who want to see a second-rate action movie
1,You'll know when you see it.
1,[Screaming]Take it out
1,Don't ever be fooled. People who praise you are 100% druggist
1,I think it's Stephen Sigal's dark history
1,It's too much to expect this kind of movie to be 9.3.
1,It's just a web hard point
1,These people are unnecessarily united. They're trash movies.
1,The power of netizens is great.
4,I want to analyze the big goal biologically by splitting the head of the director who made this movie.
1,I just gave Kim Sung-mo one point to energize him.
1,I lost my precious time watching this because of you guys!
1,It's not as fun as I expected.
1,The ratings for a movie that's not as good as nuclear trash are... This is ridiculous. The director who made this movie and the audience who recommended it are all trash
1,I'm truly sorry and sorryI can't express it in any words
1,Only child actors are acting properly.
1,Ha...a movie that makes me forget what to say. Ha...
1,I really don't want to see it.
1,No fun. Totally no fun. Really no fun
1,It's so funny that some people are still fooled by the public scam. I'll give you 1 point to win. The Ddongkko Show
1,Yerai~ You guys are so mean. I watched it for 10 minutes and turned it off
1,There are no funny comments
1,They all took medicine. I'm going to take vitamins and sleep
1,This is ridiculous.
1,I'm selling eyes that haven't seen this. You can trade directly in Incheon
1,One point that I give is never one point! I want to give you 11 points!
1,This is not a single point This means that it is the number one movie of all time! Praise be to God Rementin!
1,Let's not joke around. Let's never be fooled. You have to be wise.
1,Phew... I'm just kidding
1,This is not a single pointIt is to tell you the best movie in my life
1,It's the worst movie...
1,You scammers!
1,Let me drink some serious bottles.
1,I don't want anyone to be tricked
1,Clementine says there are only people who catch it.
1,Waste of time Why did I watch this is a waste of time
5,I was neutral because I didn't know if I should give him a limp
1,Group hypnosis here? It's just a typical trash movie. It was made in 2004. It's like a 1970s movie
1,Netizens are not watching because they don't know if we're all fishing or if we'
1,I didn't lose time because of some of the comments that told me honestly 합니다I do.
1,I can't believe I beat Mr. Down because I got 1st place in the action section
1,I don't think this movie is very much. Why is everyone praising me for being funny? Am I weird?
1,I was tricked into seeing the balnyans. I still can't forget the baby's words ^^... Dad!
1,I don't know why Steven Seagull is the main character.
1,My precious time... I was tricked by NAVER rating and threw away 100 minutes of my aroud. People are making me watch trashy movies that I can't understand lol Don't watch people who are tempted by comments All anglers Don't be fooled lol
2,I give you 2 points overall.
1,A movie that questions whether a screen quota is necessary.
1,I'm afraid some of you might be fooled by my GPA. Don't be fooled It's a movie
1,You guys are so mischievous
1,I got pregnant with cancer after watching this movie.
1,The poster looks like that. I wonder if there's anyone who gets fooled by the rating
1,They're scammers
1,It's trash. Don't look at it
1,I had a nightmare after watching this yesterday. It was worse than I ever dreamed of being eaten alive by dozens of zombies
1,I guess they don't have anything to do
2,I think it's Hyunggon!
4,The number of people who went to the bathroom while watching this movie.
1,It's a movie that makes Dongjun doongkko show
1,It's not funny. Don't look We're all working hard to get high stars
1,Don't be fooled by rating manipulation. It's the worst movie that shines with an IMDb rating of 3.4.LOL
1,How can you make a movie like that?Oh my god
1,Everyone's writing skills are amazing
1,This is never a point. I want to give you 11 points
1,NAVER rating. Netizen's teamwork is amazing.It's really not fun Don't watch it. I almost broke the monitor after watching the ending.
1,Why did you say cheesy lines first?
5,What's wrong with the rating?
1,Stop kidding me. Please
2,This movie gave birth to cancer.
1,You'll know when you see it.One point is a waste...
1,The unity of NAVER ratings...
1,It's true that it's not fun I don't want to waste even one point
1,I wasted my time joking around.
1,A movie that lets you cherish the fun of ordinary movies.  A movie of dreams and hopes that makes me think that I can become a movie director.
1,Bad people fooling people like this
2,What's this? I'm the victim of a public scandal. Why did you do that? Why are you all salty? Are you happy to catch him? You like it? What? The reason you're alive?What? Cancer is better? What are you trying to divorce? Why do you have a girlfriend? You guys are.
1,Don't be fooled. You're so incendiary. You're so mean to me. What's the difference between you and me?
1,I recommend you not to watch it
6,Are you emotionally dry? This kind of movie is overflowing and overflowing
1,Not funny
5,Image laundering is like Peter Farrelli
5,The overall story lacks immersion.
5,a movie consistently tailored to the PC code the gap between political values and workmanship
1,I don't agree that this is No. 1 on NAVER
5,A movie like that.It's just the trailer. No fun. I don't think it's enough to talk about black oppression.
1,It couldn't be too much like that.
6,I was moved by Mahershala Ali's performance.
1,It's all fake over Shawshank. This is Bbanggu
1,An honest movie that was able to manipulate the ratings but failed to manipulate the audience. Let's adjust the rating. Don't you think it's not right?
1,Too high to rate for reduction
1,The writer of this movie is a racist
6,There have been so many movies like this since a few years ago
1,I can't accept that Green Book is the number one rating when there are so many better movies than this Just watching JoJoRabbit right now is a better movie than the Green Book
1,My life's work
6,The combination of cold and hotness
1,not much
6,Academy Awards don't mean you're good at everything. It's just a racist issue
1,Appears to need rating adjustment
4,The movie tries to brainwash the PC ideology of a time when black people are not even discriminated against. Why is the subject of black racism that was fed up in the 1980s so often made? Why do we have to look at the evils committed by white Americans in America's limited space? Can we be moved to see the fabrication of the fact that Shirley herself and the bereaved family resent the filmmaking that they opposed? A month-and-a-half of the story is about exaggerating Dain's friendship or fabricating that Shirley is not the one who maintained a good relationship with the black community and brothers for the rest of her life
1,Thank you. My score is a waste
5,It's a movie that's perfect for those who are sentimental and wild birds
1,NAVER ratings have become trash too. Watch the movie with high ratings. It's not like playing human rights. All the movies that aren't that big of a deal are in the top ranks The movie version seems to be completed with the left and right people wanting it
4,You're smoking a lot.When we bloom together while eating
4,It's fun. But it's so obvious that I want to show you the PC that I hate
1,It's not fun. It's the worst
1,Look at the rating class. Isn't that too much?
1,A movie that shows that it doesn't matter what happens if you wrap up a false bum in a plausible way. Don't try to benefit from the truth in the first place. How can you make it up for real and not even know if your family is actually there? Why don't you turn Hitler into a philanthropist?
6,a rich description of characters lacking in episodes
1,I don't think it's that bad
1,I don't know what it is if I want to give you 1 point
1,Best marketing movie since La La Land.
1,It's a lot of blood compared to Clementine.
1,I really enjoy watching it
4,I think it's overrated.
1,Best Entertainment Movie of 2018
6,Why is the rating so high? I don't think it's a grade...Just plain
6,Hidden figures are better.Not very impressed
6,a Christmas in which people-to-to-people
6,I didn't expect much but it was better than I thought
1,It's not funny at all.
1,The last thing I like is racism and niggles.
6,I'm just normal. Why is everyone praising me? Am I the only one who's cliche about overcoming racism?
5,Don't feel the sensationalism of black people in movies. Black people discriminate against us more than white people everywhere. The typical Nae-Nam-bul victim cosplay movie is even abominable.
1,The score is too high. About the mid-to-late 8 points
6,A fairy tale of good adults.
1,scammed garbage by making a true story that doesn't even exist
2,The funny thing is that black and Hispanic people now use racist behavior or language against Asians.
4,the feeling of not finishing one's meal
1,Did I expect too much?
1,Does this make sense? Huh? 9.64 makes sense?
6,I really enjoyed it. It's not a waste of money
6,I think I saw a calm bromance movie after a long time.The story of the work and the actors are very good here.It's a movie that I want to watch again later. It's fun ♡
5,Clichés and predictable developments
2,A moving movie that shows the results in a typical Hollywood way.The director's morality? It interferes with the sense of immersion
6,It was a warm atmosphere that the people who watched the movie could relate to.Please watch it with those who share your feelings^^
4,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
6,I enjoyed it. The movie that leads the story with the main character's charm
6,True story + past racism issue is good but boring A lot...
6,a story similar to "Untouchable"
1,It's not a movie with 9 points. I was disappointed
4,We watched it late at night on Hongdae's GV
1,I'm afraid you're trying to make a couple or force them to appear on the show
1,That's too bad... It's really boring.
6,Lower your expectations and encourage viewing
6,I can see that you've tried your best
2,The main character's voice is hurting my ears. The story is also cliche The main character is good at acting
1,A movie about the process of destroying children's emotions.
3,I'm squeezing the juice
1,Is this your best?Are you sure about that?
6,The story of the movie is predictable
5,Common Korean Movies
1,rating adjustment
1,I'm giving it to you. This is it
1,the pinnacle of the new school
1,It's a fake that a Korean movie is up there
1,Awkward dialects and cliche stories
1,It's a great skill to make a movie with such as well
1,cliukjrurt
2,I don't recommend it as a sad movie
1,Scientific and technological meat soup for local specialties and slave trade
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
1,Don't cut the ranks of masterpieces
1,The Twelve Days of the Cerdorf Era
1,A Typical Korean Stupid Emotional Movie
6,This is the end!Is that it?
3,The dialect was so awkward. Why are you using it? Is there a reason why you had to use a dialect?
1,It's really boring...I turned it off while doing it
1,a typical Korean new drama And there's also the element of children's acting cute. It is a new drama that will not come out until the 80s.
5,I couldn't relate to the movie story. I think it's the best option for Koreans to marry each other.
1,Let's strike a balance. Korean movie out
5,A typical Korean new wave movie. Nothing more or less
1,It's a simple new drama.Should I get this rating?
1,Don't look at it. It's boring
2,Like a drama special on TV.
1,I hate Korean-style Yangsan Shinpa drama
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
1,This is ranking 3?
1,This kind of emotional movie is always obvious.It's so boring that I'm going crazy.Grandpa raised him and bought him a father.k.a. father.She's either running away or being abandoned.And the family is always poor...And grandpas and grandmothers always die
4,I think I'm giving you 10 points too easily Is the standard for a masterpiece 100% touching?
1,It's too high.
6,I don't know why it has such a high rating
1,(Singing "Singing "WHlSPER")
1,The best movie ever by Seulhae
1,All I saw was a sigh. This obviously needs to be re-evaluated like Room 7
2,A movie that makes you cry. Do you even need to make a movie?
4,Stop squeezing. That's too muchI'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I've got so many comments
1,"Don't make movies with old man Jaeyi and grandma." I hate movies like this
6,Something that seems corny but never changes.
6,Isn't the rating too high?
1,It's for rating adjustment
5,a quiet and watchable movie
5,a full-length version of a one-act drama
4,It's a waste of Lee Soonjae's acting... I thought I was watching a one-act play on KBS. The script is a bit... cliché
1,Adjust because the rating is too high
1,It's boring...The score is too much.7 points is good
6,I'm glad you're not a bad person
5,It's too bad it's obvious.
1,Why is the rating so good;; it's so boring and boring
5,I don't know. I don't think it's a movie that's going to get the highest score
6,It really shows what a new wave is!
6,A reenactment of a new drama that I watched a long time ago
2,It's a waste of money to watch it at the theater
1,It's not a movie.It's just a special drama.
3,I feel sorry for Deokgu and his grandfather Lee Soon-jae who is suffering from lung disease
4,Am I the only one who feels like watching a human theater?
1,I was so moved. I wanted to go out on the movie for the first movie of the year.Deokgu is rude to his grandfather
1,Why are butterflies flying around?
1,I was so moved. I wanted to go out on the movie for the first movie of the year.Deokgu is rude to his grandfather
2,I'm really forced to... I can't get into it.
1,This is funnier than Shawshank? lol
1,Why? Why is the rating so high? jQuery22403495358444038683_1524770860051
1,The rating needs to be adjusted No.1 on NAVER... Gukppong is here again...
6,Deokgu is really good at acting
6,There's no difference between the two countries
6,It was fun. Sunjae grandfather also
1,Don't make things like this. Phew.
6,Hello! Hello!
1,Korean-style Sinpa... The score is too high
6,Can I see my 9-year-old elementary school daughter?jQuery224028819178993024885_1523691861293
1,Why doesn't CGV have Deokgu movie theaters? Why does CGV reduce or not have Deokgu movie theaters? Why doesn't Deokgu show movies of CJ or big companies?
6,That's it for the family movie that makes you feel emotional
2,Lee Soonjae vs Songhae
2,Why is it not shown on CGV?
6,It's too high. The rating... The part where reality naturally melts well is Sammanli's reluctance to find her mother. The story is obvious. It's a bit embarrassing to bring a handkerchief because it's full of emotions. Not like watching a movie.
2,a movie that drags too much of a new wave through its acting
2,It's better to watch the Human Theater on TV. It's too obvious
6,It's worth watching. It's calm Just.
1,It's a fake drama
1,No more new wave movies should come out.
5,The calm and touching movie is also Lee Soonjae
1,It's a holiday movie. Only Lee Soonjae's acting skills
1,an out-of-season new drama that only works in Korea
5,The story is too corny!It's like watching a TV drama.It's more fun than Gonjiam.
6,It's like plain soft tofu. Eating without sweet soy sauce...
1,Nothing but Soonjae
5,When Lee Soonjae's crying face is hanging down.
2,It wasn't fun I wasn't even sad.
2,Straight One-Two-Punch Grokey
1,I don't want to hear that. I hate it
5,I don't think it's necessary to speak in dialect
3,The background music from the beginning to the end of the movie still lingers in my ears.
4,I was him because I didn't like dragging romance.But Cho Seungwoo's acting is amazing
1,I've never seen such a boring movie.
6,a sunset glow of watercolor
1,The development is too loose. I strongly recommend it for insomnia patients.
4,The acting is hard to watch the movie.I agree with Cho Seungwoo
1,I can't watch it because it's cringe-worthy.two eight years of sensitivity
1,I'm disappointed in everything but the OST.
5,I dream of pure love again.
4,A movie that copies the legend of autumn. To those who wonder why the movie is so long...
4,I don't know why the rating is so high. Too much forced storytelling and clumsy acting.Son Yejin has nothing to do with her looks
1,I just watched it as a kill-type and slept
1,A different point to focus on
6,It would have been nice if Jo In Seong didn't take out his necklace at the end
1,I'll watch it without Ost and Son Yejin!
5,It's just an old romance...
6,You're forcing yourself to cry.I think it's okay to get a rating of 7 points. It's not a natural development of her bizarre.
1,A series of forced movies. A forced story. A forced touching. Tears from yawning would be more touching.
6,It's funny and I wake up because of the sudden crazy development.
1,This movie has a higher rating than Interstellar?
5,Jo In-sung's acting is the only stain
1,Why are you sitting around getting married with someone else and giving birth to a child?
2,You can't fool the blood of both legs
1,No fun at all
6,Cho Seungwoo saved it.
1,They're part-timers. They're old and dry
1,A movie that taught a woman the lesson that a man throws away when he collapses
3,Conclusion: I loved my friend's friend
4,The gap is too high now. But Son Ye-jin's beauty in her prime and the actors' childish looks were good
4,Son Yejin is traveling in time...
6,I'm the only one who doesn't know what to do with the dramatic development.Old BMW cars worn out in the era of self-driving cars.
4,I didn't really like it.Well.
4,I didn't watch it at the theater. I watched it on the cable channel later. It's so boring. I watch it until the end because of Cho Seungwoo
1,One of the sublime films produced in a rush under the influence of the Japanese film Love Letter
1,I don't like it. It's really loose
4,What is it about? I just lost track of time and enjoyed it
6,I don't know if I'm feeling dry...I don't know. Tall guys are awkward with acting
5,Disappointed. The only thing to see was Son Yejin
1,The person who recommends this movie... It's a movie that reminds me of old memories. It's hard to see actors except for Cho Seungwoo
6,Son Yejin saved a few scenes. I was really looking forward to it
1,Spring day goes by Christmas in August. Classic vs. disappointment
1,Childish and boring. Sensitivity
1,It's not classic. It's cliché. an overrated film
2,I've never seen such a boring movie in my life
2,a B-rated movie
1,Korean movie = trash movie
3,A fairytale love story that would be good to tell to a 13-year-old boy and a girl who is unlikely to be realistic. I agree with the OST
1,Why am I so boring? I can't really relate to it
1,It's cringe-worthy. I thought my bones and flesh were separating...
6,a childish and improbable development The Vietnamese scene even homage Forest Gump.
1,a no-show for war Why do we have to shoot each other and kill each other?
6,Son Yejin is so pretty. Innocent. But the story isn't as good as I expected.
1,A film with an appropriate six-point rating for its exclusive melodrama
1,I've never given a rating before. This is too extreme.
1,The rating doesn't make sense It's too high.
6,Excessive sensitivity is a double-edged sword
1,A love story with two generations of golden spoons and kimchi girls
6,Son Yejin was pretty and the song was good.
6,I like the synergy between the actors' good acting and the obvious but touching story.
1,I think it is a shame of Korean movie ;; The rating is really interesting. Did I watch another movie alone?
1,Where did this ridiculous rating come from?
2,I can't read the lines because it's so cheesy. I can't relate to them
1,Don't let too many people fall for the rating. A movie that's a waste of even one point. Does anyone who has a high rating and a good impression look for drama acting skills these days? They say we shouldn't look at it from the perspective of the times. An advanced masterpiece is a masterpiece even in the years to come.
3,Cho In-sung and Son Ye-jin's poor acting made my hands and feet cringe.
1,The emotions that moved on to the new wave can only be shallow
5,We should look at this movie from a modern point of view that it looks tacky. It's my first time crying because I yawned while watching a movie.
1,A cheap new movie with romance mixed with a story frame borrowed from a shower of Hwang Soon-won
1,A film with bubbles...
5,Son Yejin was pretty. The overall atmosphere of the movie was also good. I don't like the rest
1,It wasn't as good as I thought.
1,A movie that doesn't understand the ratings as well as being a masterpiece. 1 point to get rid of the bubble. / The last scene really undermines the value of the movie
1,I feel once again that I should not watch a movie with a high score of 9.33 after watching a movie that is really trashy for an hour. My favorite group is a teenage man.
1,It's not a movie that's worth seeing
4,It's tacky thinking about how to look the most beautiful
6,I was a little childish
1,I recommend you not to watch it lol I hope you don't fall for the ratings
6,It's like watching a new drama. It's so formal and boring.
1,Did I have high expectations?
3,It's so cheesy. It's just a fantasy movie
1,Sigh... Old-fashioned drama
1,The rating is ridiculous. Why is that?
1,The OST is so good that the 1 point content is so far-fetched. Why is it 1st place?
3,It's a movie that's too much no matter what. Is this all you can make with Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin?
6,The scene is beautiful and the music fits. But the probability of a new story...
3,Fooled because of the ratings;
5,Why on earth would you turn this cliche into a movie? I shouldn't have seen it. 5 points for Son Yejin's beauty in her prime
1,That's too obvious Seriously
1,I'm so sad that I have one point. what anyone would have experienced
1,What is this coincidence? Why is it so frustrating?
1,I don't understand who watches this crap movie. I only have a part-time job in Korean movies. What is the difference between these two?
1,This is a masterpiece? Ratings...
5,I saw it because they said it was fun.Not really
1,not much
1,It's not funny
1,The score is too high
5,The twist does not overcome the boredom of the content itself.
1,That godpa...
1,You're obese
1,Rating adjustment
5,A movie from 10 years ago that didn't impress me in 2013
1,such a childish and childlike movie
6,Why are scenes from the past so boring?
1,Am I the only one who thinks it's cheesy and childish?
1,You're losing because of a woman.
5,a crying movie I'm tired of it.
4,It's a delusional film for women who literally dream
1,Classic is just classic.
3,Is it because I expected too much?It wasn't that... It was obvious and there were so many coincidences. There were so many forced tears
4,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? Being childish and tacky is the charm of this movie.But the obvious development...
1,I think it's kind of vague.
6,It's just like a drama Haha;;
5,It simply added popularity to the popularity of Korean Melo's "classic."
1,Hmm. I don't know why I have such a high rating. I don't know if I'm weird--
1,I don't like it because it's so cheesy
1,Seven points
1,Boring.
1,Very childish...
4,Bored in 2012.. Jo In Seong's poor acting...
5,It's fun. Don't kill Junha. I'm so mad. I was going to give you zero stars because of the ending
1,It's an emotional movie that makes adolescent girls cringe
5,I don't know why the rating is so high. It's more boring than calm. The content is a bit far-fetched.
1,I was looking forward to it. There are so many far-fetched aspects. Too unrealistic.
2,I was so sleepy
5,The acting and the content are classic
1,I want to give 0 point.
1,It's a typical Korean drama. And his shocking acting skills
5,Jo In-sung's ridiculous acting and cringe-worthy lines meet to give a fresh shock
2,A movie that plagiarized the previous drama (KBS short play)... But no one knows if it's plagiarism --
6,I'm so emotionally dry.
2,I can't stand it because it's so childish.
6,It's cheesy... It's a ticklish romance marked by coincidence and coincidence.
6,It's my first time to have a different opinion after watching NAVER's ratings 너무 It was so boring
6,There are too many better films to be considered masterpieces!
1,It feels like plagiarizing another movie.ost is 10 points.
6,- It's a bit too...I think it's weird
5,It's more monotonous to the point where a crazy drama is more fun
1,It's a touching and unforgettable movie.
4,I was not immersed in the process of the moment when the main characters fell in love with each other.
1,I'm so sick of it
1,The annoying Shinpa of frustrated people who can't even say they love the person they love
1,So Cliche... It's a waste of one point
1,an uninteresting rating A low-level story that's so obvious. I feel sorry for my innocent friend
6,a popular drama in which random coincidence is the centerpiece
6,It's corny... not my cup of tea.^ ^;;;
4,It's not a story that I really like... Bored... This kind of movie is annoying
6,Why? Why did I feel tired of this beautiful movie?It's like most movies.
6,Should I say that I was tricked by the rating? It wasn't fun. 6 points is appropriate
1,Why am I not funny? I'm not impressed. Are you emotionally dry?
6,I don't like the ending of the forced story...
1,It is the limit of Korean touching drama.You can't beat 9 points
1,I'm trying to make you sad. be grossly contrived... a movie that failed to make it to the box office
1,1 point because Jo In Seong is ugly
1,I don't think it's good
1,Phew...
1,(Sighsigh
5,It's too typical.
2,Is this the only childish story you can make? It's like a director of GFRIEND
6,the climax of the new school of Korea
6,Scary Eunyeonghwa...
3,be childish and boring
1,Genre: Comedy
1,It's the best movie ever
6,It's pretty... I like the song.
5,It is too lame in the drawing of a forced new drama. The music was relatively good.
1,I have no idea. Am I wrong to expect a secret romance that I can't tell you?
1,I don't think it's a 9-point movie
3,It's obvious that we planned it out. The scene where Jo In-sung shows Son Ye-jin his necklace is really...
5,Childish...
1,You're overreacting. What's wrong with your acting skills? I can't stand it Cheap jjamppong for the story's forced emotion
1,I thought I was going to die of childishness.  The movie "Cinema Heaven" is not as good as the movie.
4,I wasn't impressed by the movie because I could see the front of the movie.
1,I saw it at the theater. It was fun. But the rating is too high.
3,Hing ^^* A little disappointed?
1,Laughing out loud at the childish content and directing.I totally fell for the rating
5,Maybe it's because I'm getting older...I don't like it...
1,I feel uncomfortable with the ridiculous rating
3,Son Ye-jin's one-man role composition is a bit far fetched.
1,I hope I don't fall for the rating.
1,Are you old enough to watch a movie like this? I can't believe such a childish story can be made into a movie
5,It's a good movie. Except for Jo In Seong
1,I'd rather be a defenseless city
4,Son Yejin's acting was so boring
5,It's just a movie that was just like that to me.Will there be haters who don't understand their movie preferences?
4,Is this what love is like? It's so boring
4,an excessive coincidence
1,A new wave drama. Good
6,Why am I so bored?
6,How should I say it? It's a touching feeling that doesn't really touch me
6,Kwak Jae-yong's style movie
3,I give 3 points because of music and video. This is...It doesn't make sense.
6,I don't like it.
6,The video was really pretty and good.But it was so obvious that I didn't meet my expectations.
3,.....so many materials were used to impress.
1,It was the worst. I saw it because it was so famous. I felt really hopeless.
1,Good
6,It was like trying to squeeze a rag out of the water
1,One point
1,This kind of OOO is in the top ranks?
6,Literally true classical music. a classic melodrama a work that brings back old memories
6,I don't remember. I saw it... Was it just like that?= S =
1,I think 8 points is appropriate. I vote for an average of 8 points
1,A rating of eight is appropriate
1,Director Kwak Jae-yong is slowly...
1,It's not as good as I thought
6,It is good just to see calm romance and fresh Son Ye-jin.
2,It's a story that's as disappointing as you expected
4,The rustic theme makes you laugh at the moment of immersion.
5,Is it because I have high expectations? A movie that was a bit disappointing!
5,I don't think it's that sad.
3,It wasn't that touching
5,I can't get into it.Especially as it goes back.It's like I'm trying to contain too much.
1,Not recommended.
1,I'll give you stars for Cho Seungwoo.
5,I got angry at the end. The lines are so direct... Full rating error
1,Childish lines and rudimentary scenarios I feel sorry for the level of the audience!
2,I was fooled by the horoscope
5,There's nothing we can do about the cliche and the lack of naturalness
3,This is 9 points? I don't understand what's sad or what's sad.
1,The score is high;;;
1,Too much coincidence and childishness. I'm sleepy. My emotions are dead.
1,the worst
3,It's no different than a girlfriend.
6,There are a lot of funny scenes because it's ridiculous. It's just like a fairy tale
1,A drowsy movie... The worst melodrama...
5,5 points for Cho Seungwoo
5,The story that Mann saw...
1,The background is great and the actors are all great...The story is boring and obvious...About 7 points?
2,a forced story
1,Why is this so high?
3,Common contents -_- A lot of see-through operations
5,I was so bored to death.
6,Canon variations are a waste of movie.
2,A really childish movie.Especially the war scene.
1,a movie that is annoying to cynical people
1,Choi Waq!
6,a boring tear-jerker Cho Seungwoo's good acting. The song is okay.
3,I'm trying to hide the flaws in the drama with my tears
6,The rating is unbelievable. It's just lukewarm from start to finish
1,I don't know why the evaluation is so good.It was a total waste.
6,It's just nice to listen to and it's calm...
1,War scenes are so childish. Really childish
3,Just because the atmosphere is quiet doesn't mean it's all touching
6,Boring movie...
1,That's not fun.
6,Girls like it.
5,The hype is embarrassing.lol
1,Did you work out?
1,Is this fun?
2,It'll be crooked
4,It's so obvious
5,Jo In Seong is good??
1,I don't want to do it because of my personality
2,Let's cut the rating
6,I don't know why this movie is second. It's not 9.2.
4,I'm going to get mad.
5,I was in elementary school so it wasn't fun
6,It's boring. It's boring.
4,coincidence and coincidence = emptiness...
1,How come there's no one who can act properly?
4,I looked at the ratings and it wasn't fun
5,Actors who have excellent chemistry in obvious dramas.
6,a video for music
1,What's wrong with the rating? It's not funny
3,I don't like it
5,Cho Seungwoo was good at acting
1,a classic of boredom
1,What was it about? What was the difference from a shower?
1,I stopped watching it. It's a boring story
5,Common acting because it's obvious
4,I just woke up
1,The rating is too high
1,Melo is all...And Son Eonjin
5,I don't like melodramas that are too cliche.
4,I saw it for a second.Can I evaluate it?I don't like melodrama
1,I don't know what's good about this.- -
1,I can't trust the ratings of netizens anymore
1,Enjoying this domestic movie
6,Cho Seungwoo was so cool.
6,What is this...
6,It wasn't that funny.
4,Innocent love? No! Childish story!
4,The movie version of "Downpour"
6,I don't really...
6,A completely ridiculous story.
1,The last one is really awkward -_- a awkwardness as if you're trying to make a plan
5,Why is the rating so high?
1,It's not that...
6,We've made a lot of ups and downs. We're not so good at this
5,a story that seems to be pieced here and there I don't know if it's that touching...
1, a serow.
3,Son Yejin came out and watched it. She turned it off in the middle. It's not fun at all
1,Obvious content. Boring development
6,I tried to make it pretty like a fairy tale
1,It's boring. It's really boring.The casting was good but boring.
1,Jo In Seong messed up earlier. Eunyeong!
5,Squeeze it in jjamppong
6,a pretty but sloppy movie
1,an obvious subject
6,The rating is too high. The movie I watched because of Cho Seungwoo
1,I hope the movie audience in our country will be a little picky!
1,Childish love stories.
5,It seems like it's fun or not.
3,Upham is so frustrating. It's boring as a whole.
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too muchThere were some boring parts in the middle.
2,Ryan's the only precious son?It's an angry movie
2,The movie that killed an incompetent captain and an incompetent soldier
6,Killing 10 people and saving one.
5,It was too long to watch. I was impressed by the firefighter watching my colleague die.
1,A true memory of murder.
1,It's so cruel that it's a movie that makes you squeamish
1,Upham spy!
6,A much more ordinary war movie than a reputation
1,How to develop traffic software
1,Kimhae Air Force Space and Space Administration Yoon Dong-Yo
5,It seems like the name is bigger than the movie
1,It's not Lee Jung Don. It's about 8 points
6,Upham development cancer should die
6,Many are sacrificed to save one
1,I can't watch it because it's so cruel
4,Except for the initial battle scene
1,It's too boring to look at right now. I'm disappointed for my reputation
6,Think about and accept death in the movie one more time. I think I need to think ^^
6,It was worth watching--
1,I don't like it. yes
6,Tom Hanks comes out of his element. have a dual personality commit one's men to death But do you deserve to be sad?
6,an American-scented film that illustrates the horrors of war
1,It's a movie that's hit by the American pop!  I watched it again in my memory of having fun watching it. It's completely dull and boring
1,It was a movie that was not as interesting as John 1 so far. The Korean flag is more interesting
1,I'd rather watch a World War II documentary than watch this
1,Boring and not very funny. I realized again that someone else is a masterpiece and that it's not a masterpiece for me too
6,I don't know if this is a masterpiece
1,This is not a point. I want to give 11 points.
1,I burst out laughing while watching it. angry and irritableIt's not funny.
6,Spielberg needs to study more about the inside of human beings. It's not a movie to be highly praised
1,Probability and empathy for events and characters ZERO.This is just a Pax America promotional video.
5,It's just detailed
5,It is one of my father's best three favorite movies
5,an unimpressed war movie
2,I don't know why it's so boring even though it's a classic of war movies.
5,a disappointing film Ryan came out in the second half and I'm not impressed at all.
5,Saving Ryan Giggs
1,an overrated movie
1,I can't believe so many people died to save one. The dead crew must have parents.
4,The excitement and the fun of dying trying to save Ryan was bound to be expressed in vain
1,It's boring for an hour
6,I just don't understand why this movie is a masterpiece. Is the story about praise for America?
1,an absurd story in which a unit is exterminated to save one personElementary movies that focus on attractions
4,I don't like it
2,I don't know what's funny. It's much better to fly the Korean flag
1,American supremacy
1,Is this a masterpiece?
1,I hate America because of Iraq
1,American supremacy
1,The national team is a million times more fun.
1,Saving the National Team
6,I'm so bored
2,I've seen a lot of war movies. It's my first time watching it as hard as this movie. It makes me feel bad
3,An ironic situation in which you pray to God while killing your opponent
1,A fantastic combination of a pathetic coward and an incompetent boss. The last miracle is far-fetched.
2,I'm so disappointed.I can't find a war scene that's boring and cool
6,It shows the brutality of the war in plain sight.
6,The story was poor and boring.It's just a movie like that.
4,a sickening war film that covered the horrors of war with entertainment and American chauvinism
6,It's more disappointing than I expected.
1,It's not funny
1,It's not funny
1,What's with the guys who say this isn't funny?
1,It's not fun at all
1,I was bored the whole time watching
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,not much
1,This is fun
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?
1,It didn't hit home much;;
1,It wasn't good for me compared to the rumor
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,a masterpiece of unremarkable director Spielberg
1,It is better to fly the Korean national flag. The rating is wrong.
5,I guess I'm weird because I fell asleep while watching.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
5,There's nothing to watch in this movie. Phew...
1,Watch the Band of Brothers. This isn't even a movie.
6,It's just a simple trick.It's full of fun. The meaning isn'
6,Other than the war description... It wasn't good.
1,I really fell asleep while watching it.
1,It reminds me of Call of Duty.
2,Platoon and below are not considered war movies.
1,Private is saved by the sanitarians. Don't worry!
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This place is... In order for our Russian music to spread... Well
4,I was bored and fell asleep.
5,a sophisticated and beautifully wrapped American conservative ideology
1,It would have been more fun if I was 18 years old
1,Aren't you overestimating me? I'd underestimate it. 5 points
3,I don't know what you're trying to say.Maybe you're trying to teach America
3,Why is this movie the main body of a war movie?
5,A boring war movie.
1,I didn't like Ryan. It's too high
1,People who think this movie is the best don't understand.
1,Spielberg is always after the first... Eight points
2,If you watch the video...
5,I didn't like it either...There are so many different preferences...
1,--;; It is a disappointing work in many ways. I don't care about the feelings of an individual's feelings
1,-- There's not much to the movie I'm so disappointed
1,I've been looking for my colleagues. " "I'm not going back." OO! OO! It's in vain
1,moving
1,That's not good...
1,The Korean flag is low
1,Where are the winners and heroes in war?They're all victims. They'really
1,It's a movie that's really long and has only Ryan saved
5,The shell of the heroic air charade of the American people
1,The ending is so empty!
5,the most American movie
6,You just have to call in.I had to do the Vietnam War.
5,American Film for America by America
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,A movie worth keeping.
6,a movie that was uncomfortable because it was so American
2,a fairly Hollywood film
1,I don't like being honest
5,I don't like it... Is it just me?
5,The Korean flag is better
1,The best war movie is Taegukgi~~~~Lion go~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
1,I
1,What's so cool about a limb amputation? Are you out of your mind?
1,The Pentagon's promotional film... Disgusting.
1,100 points for the real war scene + The movie is about trash
1,100 points for the real war scene + The movie is about trash
5,an interesting setting An obvious story.
6,I can't really relate to the machine's feelings
1,I slept without realizing it.
1,Just a children's masterpiece movie. a rating adjustment
1,A perfect movie to watch on the last day of Jeju Island
1,I hate robots that don't talk to me
4,It's so boring. Why is it so fast?
6,Warm robot. More human than human
5,Elementary school students will like it
1,I don't know why people say it's fun.
1,Does it make sense that it's higher than Toy Story?
6,It was so cute and the friendship of my friends was cool and I slept well
1,Why is this rated high?One point is a waste
1,It's not as fun as lol
6,No matter what you go through with Disney...
1,It's not enough for Toy Story. Toy Story is Pixar itself. The perfect trilogy.
1,I'd say it's the worst movie ever.
2,Even elementary students don't watch this.
1,I don't think it suits me. It must have been boring because there were few conversations in the movie.
6,It's a bit touching to say that it's good and cold to say that it's perfect.
6,The setting was good
1,It's the only movie with a high rating that I don't understand why it's high.
1,slept
1,The love of robots... not yet...
1,Eva! Eva! Eva!It's
1,I can't believe I got a higher rating than my avatar.;; It wasn't that much.
4,It was a bit of a forced.
1,It's not fun
1,a dog-eat-dog
1,It's a movie that makes you sleepy.That's ridiculous. The rating...;;
2,I wasn't having fun.
6,a philosophically significant film
1,Let's not be fooled by the ratings
1,I swear at the person who made this. I don't want to see this.
1,I don't think it's a movie with a high rating
5,It was a bit childish but fun
1, as it is
1,It's kind of... No big deal
1,What is this...
1,the worst
1,It's just ridiculous that I got more than 9 points
1,I'm so sleepy that I'm getting cursed at
6,a masterpiece that reveals Pixar's limitations
4,What is this?
1,What is this?
1,Is this higher than the national team?
5,Pixarini's rating is very high regardless of the story...
1,I don't recommend it
4,I'm bored. When I can't see anything else... An appropriate score of 6.2?
3,I can't feel much attraction except for the visual effects that are like live-action and colorful.
1,be in a rush
6,More fun in the eyes of a child ^^;;
1,I don't like this kind of thing
1,That's not fun.
1,I can't watch it because I don't have any lines.
6,What are you going to do in the first half hour?I think it'll be fun to watch from the middle.
2,It's too childish for a middle school student to see.But it was cute.
1,It was really boring. You don't know anything
1,It was a bit boring for me because other people gave me such a good rating.
1,Is my childhood innocence rotten? It's so boring
1,Good
6,She's so innocent.It's not funny
1,Boredom
1,The worst animation of my life that I don't know what the best is. It is waste of money.
1,There is a lot of foam.
6,Extraordinary 3D Animation Extensions After Toy Story
1,There's not much to see except Pixar.It's boring
1,I don't have jam.the worst
1,I don't know what it's about
1,It's not funny.
1,It's not fun at all.
1,It's really boring and boring;;
1,It's for elementary school students.It was boring for adults to see and I slept in the middle of watching
1,It's fun! But it's around 8.5 to 9th half.Don't just give me 10 points
1,It's so much fun
1,Yves and Eva. Is it the limit of Disney?
1,I didn't... I slept...
1,This trash movie
4,I don't have a pure heart.
1,not much
1,Are you kidding me?
1,It's a movie with 8 points
5,I dozed off a little bit because I had few lines.Well
1,It's so boring... I'm annoyed. I was completely fooled.
1,That's not good. Only my brother likes it.
6,Amazing combination of imagination and graphics
1,The story is a bit childish
1,a movie worth watching by children
3,10 points for being cute and creative. [7 points for being childish]
5,Was it over-expectation of Pixar... or over-expectation of Wall E...
1,The love between robots... is hard to understand for me with a stiff head. The kids like it.
5,This movie left me nothing
1,Please don't look at the real trash. I regret it
4,a story that is not very nutritious and obvious
1,I was fooled by NAVER's score. It might have been nice to see you when you were young.
4,CG technology is definitely improving...But it's no use if anything else is in place.
6,Perfect for expression and visual beauty. Disney only wants the world to be beautiful.
5,Only the eyes were happy... The story is...
6,A fitting encounter between cuteness and childishness.
1,I watched it with my nephews and nieces and nephews.There's a lot of fun... I think it's a movie for kids.
4,I'm bored. Was my expectation too high?
1,I almost fell asleep
1,Top
6,It was too big to be touched by this. I think it's good for the family.
2,Was I the only one who didn't have fun?
4,I really don't have much fun.;;
1,It's fun.
2,There are no lines... ...no content... ...only robots.It's really not good for me
1,Is there a zero point for the most sleepy movie?
5,a movie worth watching
1,What Annie...
1,What else is there besides being cute?
1,I'm having so much fun--
1,Talk to me. Talk to me
1,I can't be touched without lines
5,Boredom that overwhelms the occasional fun and emotion...-_-
1,Not to this level of rating - - -;
1,It's not fun at all
6,It was pretty fun!
1,It's not Annie
1,It's not fun... I don't even understand a robot alive
1,I don't think it's second overall
1,It was good that there weren't many subtitles. Isn't the rating too high?
6,New hope... It's an animation that's warm and has a good story.
1,a movie not worth watching
1,Is this kind of movie number one on NAVER? Are you kidding? Godfather is not in the list.
1,That's not fun.
1,There's not much to it. People don't know how to watch movies
6,Let's save the earth. A simple theme. It was fun. Ddaeng
3,I am generous
1,It wasn't fun because there was it wasn't fun
1,I was so sleepy that I suffered a lot of trouble. You need to watch movies with 3D technology
4,I trusted the ratings and got hit on the back of my head.Never watch anything more than a movie that elementary school kids will like
1,Childish.
1,I really didn't enjoy it
1,I personally don't like it
1,The people who gave me 10 points seem to have low standards... It's not 10 points!!!!!!!!!
1,a movie that ran out of the box
1,It is hard to admit that this movie is the highest rating for the whole movie.Just a movie worth watching
1,I don't understand why the weird thing is that the childish ones get more than 9 points~~
1,I thought I was going to die
4,The video is very good.The story isn't very good.The process of returning to Earth after being bored went too fast;
1,Disney... It's finally back to normal
1,That was the best movie ever
1,I am generous.
6,Cute but boring...
1,The story was too obvious.It's kind of boring.
1,It was boring
1,Fun.
1,You're so funny!
6,The only American animation that I could understand without subtitles -_- is not fun
1,an emotionless person
1,I saw this with my friend. I got cursed at
1,It's no fun. It's boring
1,Seriously boring.
1,Worst movie I've ever seen...The animation doesn't have any lines! Don't be fooled
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I was tricked.That's so childish.Are all the funny people young and young?
5,It's not fun...
1,childishness
1,I give you zero because... Dark Knight
1,Why wasn't it fun for me?
1,Everyone was sleeping and only they liked it. And the rating is too high
6,I think the rating is too much.It's just something to watch
1,It's a pity that our country thinks this is fun
1,a superlative film of boredom
1,The story is kind of like that
1,Ideas are the best.But if you can't stand Disney's one-track story that gives you unique dreams and hopes...
1,a rotten movie
1,Transformation robot is worth watching^^
1,It's so much fun It's been a while since I saw a good movie
1,I don't want to waste my mole
1,That's childish
1,I'm so sleepy
5,It's fun but childish
1,Boring all the time watching movies for young children.
6,I saw it clearly because the story was so right with what I expected
5,I miss Nemo and Ratatouille.
1,It's not that...
5,I got in trouble because I was boredI can't come out.It was such a waste of time and money.crying
6,The end was too short for a movie that took years to produce.
6,I can't understand this ratingIt's not that bad. It's boring if it's not fun
1,Thrack
1,I can't believe I paid for this.
1,It's totally for kids.
2,A robot like a scrap robot and an egg ghost Untouchable
1,a boring movie to watch
6,Disney cartoons for kids...Just Pixar made it...
1,For the kids...
6,That's not funny.  Only the character is cute... I held it in and watched it. I think it's for children
4,Age is under 13...It has a little childish taste.But the saddest thing is that Walle and Eve are voice actors.;;
5,It's fun out of all the animations.
1,I've never seen a movie where I felt that the rating was fraudulent. And why are there useless cartoons?
3,It's not fun
1,be dull and childish
1,The movie I don't understand the most. I watched it while dozing off
1,It's an obvious story and childish.It's not fun.
1,It's so boring Whoo! Whoo!
2,Why is a movie that's not fun to watch when you're an elementary school nerd? I'm annoyed by my part-time job
1,Throw it away
1,It's boring
3,What's this movie? This is ridiculous.
6,It's just a normal story. ;;;
1,Robots are robots. People are just people.The absurdity of trying to portray robots as too human
1,It's so much fun!
1,Because it's not fun
1,Humanization of insincere robots.
1,Do you think this movie is comparable to the Dark Knight?
1,Why aren't there zero stars?
1,It's a movie like elementary school student.
1,Is this a movie?
1,I don't need words!
1,I think it's way less than Ratatouille
1,I think it's about 8 points. Why is the score so high? I'm worse than Ratatouille
1,It's not that...
1,I heard you're going to jump over Ratatouille. Ratatouille is only 1 minute... I'm sleepy... I'm not that touched...
1,I wanted to go home
1,I was bored so I came out in the middle...
6,a series of disappointments
1,the height of boredom
1,I shouldn't have seen it
1,Not good.
1,I think you're really considerate of money
1,It's touching. But is it about 30 minutes in the beginning? I really fell asleep...Phew = 3
1,This movie makes me log in a film with a perfect rating
1,This movie isn't that great...It's not a movie that will get more stars than "The Dark Knight".
1,It's a little...
1,That's not good...
1,The rating went up too high.As someone who's disappointed with the score...Let's not manipulate the ratings...
5,It was so boring because there was no conversation.
1,Just.
1,A little bit of emotion and boredom...
1,Excellent graphics only. Just look at the children.
1,I was fooled by the perfect score.Just wanted a touch.What's this? It's a kid's movie!
1,I was so bored that I went out while watching it. It's so boring
2,That's amazing. I can't believe the score. Bored... for children.
5,This isn't it...
1,It's so boring
6,For children...
1,It's hard for kids to see and boring for adults.
1,What a waste of money
6,Is it a story about finding Nemo and other Pixar's reputation?
1,I'm bored to the point where I can't speak. The one who says it's funny is a baby
1,Very boring. Is the director sleeping? I'm going to make it work. I don't watch movies like this again.
1,I saw the digital subtitles on Yongsan CGV and it was not very impressive. I shouldn't have seen it.
1,I didn't like it.
6,Anime without lines is so boring. The desolate earth is so shocking.
6,I was disappointed with Pixar for the first time.
6,I didn't think it was funny
1,What do you mean funny? I don't think it's funny.
1,They just saw it. What's that? Jam? Money is a waste
1,I was sleepy. These high marks are Dodecce Moira &gt. &lt;
1,Bored... Honestly...
6,Romance of an unspeakable robot?
5,I was looking forward to Ratatouille.
1,Robot... you talk... talk... talk...The movie was so heartwarming that I fell asleep...
3,There was a boring side to it.
6,I enjoyed watching "Ratatouille" but it wasn't fun because I was looking forward to itT
2,Everyone came out and said they were sleepy.Only children are excited.
1,That's not funny
5,I'm not sure yet.
2,It's not that...
6,This is just right. I'm not impressed. I'm not funny
1,I couldn't watch the movie properly because I was dozing off.
1,I shouldn't have watched it because there were only kindergartens
1,It's boring and boring. What other lyrics are there besides "Wall e" and "Yves"?
3,Not really...
2,It was really boring...
1,Childish and uninteresting.............
1,It's not very...
1,I'll cut it short. I fell asleep while watching.
6,Kung Fu Panda is much better
6,I expected a funny AnnieBut why do I feel like I came out after watching the public service advertisement?Dark Night Ball girl
1,I shouldn't have seen it
6,I feel like it's not enough. It's good for the kids.
1,That's very annoying.
1,-_-; No words needed. Is this a movie?
1,That's childish... Really...A subjective opinion.
4,Ah... boring... ratatouille or kung fu panda is much more...
6,WALL-E: I want to sprain my neckLOL
1,Why did the Stars and Stripes come out?
1,If it was really not good -_- Sniff sniff
1,I don't like this
1,It was an ordinary movie.What?
2,Not really -___
1,It's really boring... Eevee!
6,It's just a movie for kids to watch
4,The video is beautiful and the robot is cool. But it's not fun. Genie 5 is better
1,I don't have any lines in the beginning. It's kind of like writing
1,I'm not interested in animations.Laughingering) Laughingering)
3,It's just loud and silent. I was bored to death for the first 30 minutes and the sound was so loud that I was annoyed
1,I've never thrown away my money like this before. What sf?
4,The introduction is too long. Phew... Boring.
1,Are you kidding me? What kind of movie is this with a rating of 9.5? Dark Knight is hundreds of millions of times more fun.
1,I can't believe this movie has a good rating. Mummy 3 is...What is this?
1,It's not funny --;;
3,It's boring. For elementary school students
6,I just saw it like that. One video is really awesome.
1,Children's cartoon goods!
1,not much
6,A family movie that's easy to watch with children
1,an unspeakable film
1,It was boring from the beginning without any lines I really don't like it
1,It's not that...
1,below expectations
1,It's totally invincible
1,Johnnie 5 Destruction Operation Slaughter
1,It's fun
1,It wasn't as good as I expected
1,It's unrivaled
1,Animated films... The children will love it. It's very high. Is it the power of elementary school students?
6,Look until you're 15 years old...
6,I wonder if we can look forward to Jami Malek's Michael Jackson story
1,I'm so bored. I'm sleepy
6,It's a rating given by someone who doesn't know much about movies
6,It's fun.
1,It's so boring. Just sleeping pills
1,What photo did you put on gold pieces? Can't you zoom in? Is the iPhone trash?
6,I wish I'd gained more weight. His lip-syncing acting is a bit disappointing
4,I don't know why the score is high. A four-point movie
6,Live Aid is worth more than two stars.
4,It is surprising that such a lousy movie is highly regarded. A movie that failed with a music movie or a documentary about Queen's life. Why didn't you let me hear your song properly?
6,Freddie Mercury successfully got on the bus!
1,There's no zero point. There's no zero point
1,No fun at all The worst movie of all time The quality of the movie is too old It's too analog and the story is all old songs
1,Green Book and this... I don't understand that gay movies are overrated
1,Boycott the Hollywood Pedos!
2,Why are these singer cosplay movies so overrated?
5,The Beatles John Lennon is greater than Freddie Mercury with AIDS
1,I can't wait to see your acting skills
1,What's so good about gay people with AIDS?
5,Story. "Roll it in and eat it." "Yum yum"
5,Homosexuality and AIDS have ruined the lives of outstanding artists
1,It's worth watching Quon Live Ade on YouTube
1,Why is it famous?
1,도Even Doonya becomes Hot돼
1,It's my first time to fall asleep while watching a movie
2,It's not good. It's boring and it's a waste of time
1,yes
1,A movie that only Koreans were enthusiastic about. The movie that was only hit in Korea all over the world. The level of Korean movies is very...
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's not as good.
4,"It might not be good for people who are not interested in bands"
4,I don't understand why such a movie is highly regarded as a music movie and attracts a lot of audiences.There are many more touching stories than this. I think it's purely because of Gurabal SNS. 20th Century Fox is no longer a big deal.
1,I want to give 0 point. I thought I was going crazy
2,There's so much distortion. I don't recommend it. I'm so touched.There are a lot of good songs
5,I thought the last concert editing was done on Mnet. Too many cuts
6,the mastery of characters and music
1,It's a dirty gay movie except for the song;;
1,It is a poor work in terms of workmanship. a concert movie
1,It's the worst music movie ever.
6,What's great about it?
4,Hold out until the live ade scene.
1,A film that is so overrated. The movie is about not only praising Freddie Mercury's good points but also explaining his bad points in an ambiguous way.
1,The rating is too high. What is clear is that a well-made movie is right. Eight points is appropriate.
5,a film that encourages coolness and excitement
6,A movie that's good to watch if you have time
2,The song was good. It's not fun and I don't know the story.
1,This is fun? I can't watch it because it's dirty. There are a lot of weird people
5,The first part is too cliche. All you have to do is watch the last concert scene. Or you can just watch the actual Queen performance video on YouTube.
3,I really want to watch a rock music movie ~ Not something funny.
1,It's a very highly rated movie. I dozed off while watching it. The male kiss scene is disgusting. It's much better to look it up on YouTube.  I don't know why it hit the box office with Interstellar. Whether it's trendy or characteristic of Korean people.
6,Genius is always a psycho
5,I think the old Ray is much more fun
6,I don't know if it's because I listen to music often...
6,I dozed off in between because I couldn't relate
1,This is an insult to Queen.
1,Gay movies that waste time
6,It's fun. I really like it And
3,Am I the only one who's not funny? I regret seeing it.
6,I think it was fun
5,Queen is great. But the movie is not worth watching.
6,It's just that I'm just so-so. There's a song that I can't relate to and I know the songBut I don't think I've got enough to lift anything more than emotion.
6,.... I don't know what to say.Hah!
1,The rating is too high.    Lower than Shawshank
1,The movie itself is evaluated.  It would be better to just watch the performance video.
2,No fun
4,Overall sacrifice for the final scene. I personally don't like gay stuff
1,I've seen Ddongkko's movie well.
1,I don't understand why this became a hot topic.a simple list of fsodsa contextless narrative development It's so boring that I'm angry.Even though I like Queen's songs. It's fortunate that I didn't watch it at the movie theater.  Save even a little money haha
4,Did you look forward to it? The concert scene is good! Failed to relate to the story!
6,a movie with a high rating because of the death of the main character
6,Good. You're the best HJ: Ugh
1,It's just a rumor
1,The rating is crazy. Crowd mentality... lol
1,A tasting cannot be a meal
1,Are you interested in watching Solka's gay life and drug-ridden life? This is why the people of Korea hear hoops.
1,It's still showing for a million
4,The birth of Bohemian Rhapsody was more normal than I thought
2,It's really boring and I'm falling asleep--
6,It feels like I went to a concert
1,I can't believe I paid for this crap movie.
3,Amazing TV surprise high-quality version
2,Feels like I lost money... I think the movie is overrated because people watch it and follow it a lot on TV.
4,It's a memory fly if only the song is good
6,The actors got 10 points in sync and the rest...It was just like watching a calm documentary. It's nothing new as a generation of queens. I think it's one of the overvaluations brought by vague awe of geniuses in our country's unique unfamiliar fields
1,Gay people are not worthy of respect
5,Watching Freddie Mercury documentary on YouTube is a hundred times better
1,an insult to Freddie Mercury
6,A movie that makes you look for music from the '7s and '80s
1,Freddie looks so pathetic
6,Why is it still playing? He's trying so hard to get 10 million hearts. I gave him 6 points because it's disgusting
6,Music is the best because it's a queen song. It's not a bad idea for me as a movie
1,What do you like about it?Do you want me to understand homosexuality?
3,It's not fun to death of it's not fun
2,I don't understand why 9 million people watched this
6,It's just that. The song is good
6,Music doesn't mean it's not a boring story.
1,That's right. They're saying it's definitely good
2,What's so funny about this?
1,I'll give you 1 point because you're trying to get 10 million hearts
1,People who miss Queen's nostalgia seem to think highly of the movie as well.I can't believe that the only result of the character analysis is the protruding cavity.Only Ramimalek's over-acting performance was memorable.
1,What's this? A gay movie like OO
6,I think I've been to a Quon concert that I've never been to before
1,It's only fun in the beginning. It's so boring. This is a movie
6,It's boring until the end and only the last part is fun.
2,I was so embarrassed while watching it with my son.
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,The rating is too high. I don't know if you know that I get paid 100% by national tax or 6 million won a month for AIDS in Korea. Ninety-three percent of AIDS patients are gay. a male homosexual
6,I don't know if this movie is going to be this crazy...It's better to just watch the live ade on YouTube.
1,I don't know. The song is good but there's no story
3,Three points is zero percent. Haha
4,It was more boring than I thought
1,I can only see the armpit hair
1,Bohemian Rhapsody is an Oscar nominee
2,I don't recommend it to people who are critical of homosexuality. It was disgusting
4,I don't think it's as good as the average score
2,It's so boring and it's hard to get into character
6,I was offended by the way you described me as gay
2,I'm so tired of being gay...
2,It was the best movie of my life
6,The strategy of sacrificing the movie and putting everything into reproducing the performance
6,Crazy- It's still stuck to make 10 million. - A true zombie queen
2,Ugh! I hate it!
2,I don't know why they're so enthusiastic about this movie. It's not good... Watching Freddie Mercury live video on YouTube is a million times better and exciting.
6,That's a good way to play a bumper harvests.
1,The tragedy of homosexuality...
4,The legend is not to be touched recklessly.
2,Is there really no actor who would play Freddie who is macho masculine yet beautiful and confident like a sick Freddie Mercury? What's with his tone and voice?Other members are amazing
1,Chocolate cream purapuccino
6,I leave a rating on Mercury's life history rather than a rating on the movie.
3,the curse of homosexuality
2,I was looking forward to it. I don't know if it was a movie I don't see you again
2,The real queen of music movies is Hedwig
1,It's not worth a point. I slept well
4,I can't believe I'm ending the story in one line when the main character dies
6,It's just that kind of movie. I wasn't funny
6,Why is it a pop song from the past?
6,Answer the Hollywood version.
4,It's a box office effect on Queen's reputation. The movie itself was a poor piece that couldn't keep up with him.
1,I can fully understand why the rating is high after watching the movie. And I saw a fanatic.
2,a film that glorifies the dead with dirty gay venereal disease
1,It's not fun. - Lee Yeol-moo
6,It feels like I'm forced to fit music into the story
6,I'm sorry for the level of completion.
2,Homosexuality is the cause of AIDS
4,You're a bisexual or a homosexual?I stopped at AIDS than I did in the middle.
1,It's so boring... Bisexual? I don't like it
6,A style where expectations were high and disappointment was high
1,The parody of the music video came to the movie "Jeanor" and got an excessive rating
1,You're so generous! Ha ha.
1,Give me back my time...
1,Is it mob mentality?I can't relate to gay stories
6,It wasn't as good as I expected. But Queen's songs are really good
1,It's dirty. It's a waste of 1 point
4,It's disgusting. Homosexual dirty anchor
6,It was so fast and chaotic
2,The movie I don't like to watch at home. All the best songs I know are Queen's
1,Director GJ is a movie that the people will like
3,It was a disappointing movie.  It was such a disappointment!
1,I don't know how many times I closed my eyes while watching it
2,It's not funny at all.
1,I don't watch movies made by child rapists ^^
1,I'll give you 1 point because of your nose
6,It's not as fun as I expected.
1,A movie that made me realize that the end of homosexuality is AIDS
5,The movie itself is a well-made movie.  Five points off because homosexuality is glorified.  There's no poking scene. Can a 12-year-old watch it?
1,It's not fun at all. It's better to watch the music video
1,It's a movie where you sleep well after 10 minutes
1,Who casted Namjoo? I don't look like him at all
6,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it so much.^^;
3,I don't know what's funny. The flow was cut off and the sudden scenes felt uncomfortable. Just a YouTube performance video is better.
6,a film dedicated to Mercury for Queen
4,You're really doing it until the end to go over 10 million!
1,I don't understand why the rating is so high It's just boring.
2,Let's stop. I'm about to cry
1,It's crazy that this is ten million.  I got it for 300 won.  Five points are perfect.  1 point for a high score
2,I don't feel so good after watching the movieno lingering feelings
6,I didn't expect it to be this big of a hit in my point of view
1,a watery movie
1,-- It's not fun. I only remember sleeping
1,Korean people feel so caught up in rumors.
2,There are many things that are not easy to relate to
3,The movie was made by OO I felt that it was OO because of the forced development and editing I don't know what the movie was trying to show Freddie Mercury and I don't know what the focus is on Freddie Mercury is great and the movie looks good
1,I was sleeping for 30 to 40 minutes and came out of the theater in disgusting scenes of homosexuality. It's amazing that we get 10 million hearts
1,Rating required not more than 9 points than
1,That's not funny I got in trouble because I couldn't concentrate
5,It's really touching to see your passion for music. My armpit hair was so annoying. (Laughing)
1,gay and gay
1,What masterpiece... The development itself is something that elementary school students can make
2,It's not fun. It's just a movie that shows Mercury
6,A true artist! The melody that still lingers in my ears
5,The story is not good.Unprobably boring.
6,It's just a movie where a gay man with a natural talent for singing ends up dying of AIDS? ...I don't know why he's crazy about this movieDid he want to tell you that his life as a gay is lonely?Life on a dirt spoon is 100 times sadder and lonelier
1,1 point that's too high
6,The last scene of the concert worked hard.It's not fun at all
1,an insufferable gamified movie
1,Galileo! Galileo!
5,I wish I'd focused more on Queen's music than on Mercury's life history
1,Can't you smell Ddongkkko?
2,Gay advocacy film wrapped in a music movie. It was unpleasant throughout the movie with male kissing scenes
1,This movie can be defined in only two letters.." Gay "
6,Like a burning candle
1,The ending is kind of empty. I don't think it's a movie that can be this popular
1,Let's stop getting off now. Download it.T
1,I shouldn't have seen it. It's just
1,He said he was the one who got trailed for doing too much dungkko.You've been watching gay people
1,I was a little uncomfortable because I focused too much on homosexuality (more than half of the male actors were gay
1,I think this is playing for too long.
3,It was just like that. There's no cinematic dramatic element. It was difficult because I was gay. The story is a little weak to film. It might be fun if you like Queen music. I don't like Queen's music either.
4,Only Queen's music is memorable.
6,It's good. It's a late review
1,Is it a gay movie? Why do the directors and actors keep making gay movies and creating an atmosphere of media support and advocacy?
1,A low-grade movie that makes life sound like a gay man with AIDS
6,It was an opportunity to bring back memories
4,The song is really good~~
1,You don't know English. You made a drama game. You'd rather watch the performance than watch the movie
1,I'm not impressed. Maybe it's because I don't like movies like this
4,It's like arson. The blood of the Korean people flows in the movie
5,It's just a small thing
1,It's been three months since I've been playing it for more than 10 million
4,Was my expectation too high?Huh.
6,There's nothing special about it
6,Will it be 10 million or not?
2,Why are you watching this? It's not fun
1,It wasn't fun because it wasn't my favorite genre
6,The documentary about Queen from the BBC is better
6,Let's just get the song out and go. Let's not look alike in life.
4,It's nice and thankful that there are 10 million music movies
6,a shallow attempt to make up for the shallow depth and lack of film with masterpieces and stage reproductions
1,It's a waste of half a star. Nosamo or Korean traditional "Everyone" and sing along
1,Bohemi Absodi isn't doing it for too long
4,Joyo(((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))o
6,This is the only thing I could do with Queen. A work that shows too much of a low intention to just ride a PC coin with a legend that commands infinite respect from the bands. And it's just Freddie Mercury's life story
4,It's just a re-enactment of Queen Concert. 20 minutes before the movie started to stink."But the music is good." "Spring."
1,There is no probability in the story and no emotion in the concert.
6,Other people must make it
6,It's a good movie for those who knew Queen and those who didn't
1,I don't really like this genre.
6,9.47 Look at the level of bubbles. The level of sensitivity manipulation of the thumbs up... It's a six-point movie
5,I guess I exceeded my expectations. I don't think it was as fun as I thought.Yawning in the middle.It was a shame that I couldn't say much because it was a short time.
5,There's not enough narrative. The music video is good.
1,What the hell did you do that for? You don't want to talk? We don't want to see each other anymore?
6,The story is not fun. The setting is too childish. All you need to see is the live ade performance
6,It was worth watching.
6,A boring movie for those who don't care much about Queen.
6,The movie itself is...
6,It feels like the production is cutting off. I agree with the last performance
2,It was a documentary music movie. I didn't go to see the concert. Too bad
1,No fun. What kind of movie is going so smoothly? There's hardly any crisis in the middle
1,Trash movie... Don't look
1,No fun... Why is this disgusting gay movie going for 10 million?
1,That's too much foam. It's not 9.49 points honestly
1,Am I the only one who didn't have fun?I slept before the concert.
1,I'll give you one point
6,Stop getting off now!!!
6,The content was a bit boring. I'm so touched when I perform!
6,It's fun. But the movie theater was so noisy that I was disappointed.crying
5,a case of failure to seal the poverty of narratives and characters with music
1,be nothing more than a celebrity
2,The arrogant and debauchery life of a genius singer and AIDS...I was lucky to attend a strong concert...That's all it's got to do with a crap movie
1,Ah really boring movie...I don't understand how this is over 9...I saw the movie review site in the U.S. and it wasn't that good...I was so into NAVER's bubble rating is amazing
4,Until when is it showing?
1,Your rating is too high
1,Don't watch it unless you're a Queen fan or a LGBT
6,The monotonous storytelling was for the final scene.
1,King over Queen. King Booker
4,I haven't seen it yetcrying
1,Bisexualism is coming out. I hate it
4,It wasn't fun except for the last one
4,How can it exceed 9 million? I admit it's a masterpiece
6,I think the rating is too high. I don't think the actor who played Freddie Mercury did very well. It's so feminine and funny that it's not enough to feel cool.
1,Is it a sleeping movie?
6,It's good for your ears. But the homosexual part is not 12 years old
6,I'm a bit sleepy in the middle. I can't get into it because the main actor doesn't have much synchronization
1,It's not a 9.5 point movie
1,Boring...
4,I don't know if the song will be good... It's just a crazy story about a good singer.
4,We'd better raise the ratingIt's like a good idea.It's a shame that the conflict with gender identity was highlighted. It was nice to listen to Queen's music
6,I watched a movie~~~
6,I enjoyed it. I wanted to see you perform more
1,What is this? A bisexual movie?Gay movies? Packaging and spraying
6,The last scene was so good. But a movie that doesn't fit me
6,I feel like I'm more into Queen than movies
6,I can't believe there's a family movie starring Freddie Mercury!
1,Is this worth 10 million? LOL
4,Bored and unimpressed
1,It's just the Queen ElectricThis song was their song. It was a good song
1,I regret watching the dog trash homogay movie
1,It's a fairly high-rated piece of gay rubbish. Only the music is good.
6,I don't know if it's great in terms of cinematic quality. Just enough to watch
6,It was worth watching. It was sad that the music was cut off
1,Running and mustache. I don't want protruding eyes
6,It's just so-so. Honestly...
1,Freddie Mercury Gay Dies From AIDS
6,It's not my favorite movie
6,Queen's songs are amazing
1,Don't look at me. I can't go over 10 million.
2,The story that drags on is really fun??
2,A glorified movie~~~~~B.B
2,It feels like I brought back the forgotten memories
1,Gay guy is coming out. Where is this?
4,It's definitely not a movie with such a high rating. It's just that I'm burying in the Queen. I would rather watch the live performance of Live Aid.
2,I guess I'm the only one who's not funny.
4,This is the number of audience because of one performance production
6,Performance directing lacks the ability of directors and writers to interpret and reproduce perfect scores or characters. It's hard to follow the story and I can't understand it. Sleep in the middle.
6,It's not a movie to watch twice. I'm glad the heroine is a goddess
6,Is it that bad? You've seen more than the UK?
5,The last 15 minutes were good. Boring movie.
6,The score is this high? I didn't like the directing was bad
6,The rating is too high. It's just a normal movie.
6,The music was fun but not fun.
2,- The worst. - The worst.Ida.
6,I enjoyed watching it.
4,Not really. It's better to watch Freddie Mercury live on YouTube.
2,A life that wrapped up homosexuality looking beautiful but ended up with AIDS.
6,It's okay. It's okay
2,I dozed off and woke up when the song came out.
1,I saw it a long time ago. You don't look good right now.
6,The movie wasn't as good as I expected. Only Queen's music seems great.
6,The musical part was good but boring.
1,The music is just good. The movie itself is a bit disappointing
6,It was so boring Boredom itself
6,I felt a bit pressured T
6,There's no queen. There's only Freddie Mercury. Is it because I was looking forward to it?
2,I don't like it. I don't like it's not good
2,The song was good. I couldn't understand the characters' choices and judgments. The story was a mess. I was disappointed because I expected it to be as good as La La Land
6,The adaptation of the movie was so bad that I felt uncomfortable. Brian May's performance of the opening song of 20th Century Fox was the most impressive.I think the movie is just a preview that makes you wonder about Queen.
1,one of the overrated films
6,It was just so- Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
6,The movie that has the best ears this year! 100% touching story with songs...I'm not sure.
6,I think I went to the concert
6,It's a rated puffed rice movie.below expectations
6,The word "boiled egg tang" in caviar would be more appropriate for this movie
1,Poor story. Freddie's mouth is so protruding that I can't get into it
6,I don't know if it's a music movie.
1,I watched it because they said it was fun. But it wasn't fun for me
5,The song is really good to listen to even now.
6,The critic's rating is correct.A movie that's not very impressive.I think those born in the 1960s would agree
4,Hard Bill Steps for Live Aid
2,Why is this so touching? I don't like it
6,I wish there was more music.It's a bummer
1,Worst movie ever... Wake up and be sensible.
2,I should have seen something else.
1,It's a movie that doesn't taste good.
1,I don't think it's a score like this
6,My feet can't stay still22
6,The part where I lost focus in the middle was too long
1,It's not good. It's not as good as I expected
1,Don't be fooled by the score It's the second time I've been snatched since Clementine.
6,It brings back old memories
6,I didn't like the rest of the movie where the song was just fun
6,I guess I was really looking forward to it. But it was fun
2,I don't know.
6,A movie that fills the poor cultural consciousness of Koreans because they don't want to see Queen Mania
1,It's not funny. I don't know why you compliment me so much
1,I think it was boring.
6,I don't like the drama of the queen.To be satisfied with the queen's music.
6,Cats are cute~~^^
1,It's a movie where gay people sing
6,I'm so moved. I'm so into it
6,It's not going to be awesome. Breathing at the concert? A hero's life story? Precious music? The queer part? Everyone feels a little lacking
6,I've been a huge fan since I was youngIt's a shame that Queen's story is a little different from what I know
2,I was bored listening to music
2,If there wasn't a gay story...  It's too bad.
5,I could see how easily people were instigated
1,It's a boring movie. It's a waste of money and time
6,Less than expected~ I don't like movies
2,Ten pigs upstairs who didn't even know pop because of this movie are playing "Bohemian Rhapsody" over and over again. It's crazy -- I hope it cools down as much as it boils
5,I didn't... I almost fell asleep. It's my personal preference
1,Everyone was looking forward to it because it was so much fun
6,I can't really relate to it.He's good at singing
6,I can't get out of my mouth.
1,Is it not fun?
6,It's as vivid as watching a concert in front of your eyes!
1,1 point. Sona's Rhapsody
1,It's not fun. It's boring. It's childish. It's touching
6,I don't recommend it if it wasn't fun
1,It's not like a movie. Just a concert
4,A slightly uncomfortable gay movie.
1,It's too difficult for me who doesn't know art.
1,It's not in the 9-point range There were many unpleasant scenes;
3,It's boring. I only remember the front teeth sticking out
2,It's really loud and boring.0 points
5,Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation
5,It's not a musical. It's just a B-level movie
3,I'm disappointed that it's so different from the real story
1,Old pop is a stinker. Trap hip hop is a must these days
1,I don't like it. I don't know why.
5,It was a really fun movie
1,A movie that sentimental people who don't care about story acting will like
6,I was sleepy in the middle. Music is really difficult and mysterious
6,How could you use actors who are uglier than real people? Actor Brian May is a pass!
6,The last 20 minutes of performance was so touching. The story is boring because it is a realistic movie. But the movie that you can watch because it's "Queen."
1,^^ Thank you... Fun is just...
2,I used to be crazy about gay pots
5,I was just like that. Why is it so popular?
2,A strange movie where a bunch of people who didn't know Freddie Mercury watch a movie and become a fan
5,A movie that tells you that you can get bored while watching a movie
1,Let's watch Korean movies properly
6,The sound is too bad.
4,It's worth watching. It's not that fun
1,The levels of sucking and reusing are uncivilized;;
5,I feel the generation gap again. A movie that I can't relate to
6,Queen's music is touching at the last concert.
2,Why is it more than 9 points? It's obvious and copied and pasted
6,People around me compliment me to watch it!
2,OO no fun ^^ I don't understand what's funny ;-; I was expecting too much ;-;
2,I really hope you don't watch it. I don't know why people give this movie a good review. I was fooled by the rating. I don't want to see a movie like this again.
4,I think it's a movie that everyone likes and dislikes
2,My hair is falling out. So boring. So boring
6,The latter part was fun and the song was good
1,What a waste of points. Trash for the fans
1,Don't you think I can't watch movies?
6,Hmm... I don't know this song but I know it
1,Why is he so crazy? not much
6,It was just a rough documentary movie.
6,I don't know if it's because we're not queens
6,It was a very interesting movie
1,The story is not very likely
2,I personally didn't like it. I went there with my friend and he said it wasn't fun. He said it was a waste to pay for it. He recommended it to me and I looked forward to it
6,I don't know well
4,Was I the only one who didn't like it?
6,We saw an amazing concert
6,I watched it with my parents. It's so niceHaha
6,I listened to Queen's song again
4,a film overrated by good marketing The worst movie ever made by a musician. A movie that played a big part in promoting Queen's music.
1,It's just not fun. Only their fans watch it
4,There are a lot of part-timers. It was just worth watching
6,I'm bored. I'm sleepy. I'm dirty
4,You only have to watch the last 20 minutes.
6,Brian May's synchro. What?
4,Not really my style.lol
2,I guess I was looking forward to it too much^^;;
1,I fell asleep while watching it. It was the first music movie that didn't fit. Don't just look at the ratings because there's nothing to see
2,It's a movie that made me realize again that I can't believe the real rating
5,It was more boring than I thought. But the song is really good ~~
5,Was my expectation too high? Just that much
1,Sigh... I was watching a movie and came out in the middle Don't ever look at anyone who doesn't like gay people I came out because I was disgusted when I saw guys kissing each other The story is interesting But I'm gay
1,Bubbled Gossip No Fun is not fun
5,Other than musicality... Sex education?
2,A perfect film of misogyny. Perfect male supremacy
2,I just like the music. I don't know what it's about it
6,It's boring. A movie for the last 10 minutes
6,Bisexual! I feel repulsed. The movie keeps showing me bisexual material...
1,It's not funny. They don't think it's funny
6,It's just a killing time
6,It's disappointingT
6,A movie that all generations can relate to
6,a strange phenomenon that was especially popular in Korea
6,a strange phenomenon that was especially popular in Korea
4,I don't know. I don't know where to focus. I liked the song
1,It's not fun. It's too much
1,I don't know what's funny. I watched it while waiting for time
4,The acting was somewhat awkward and the story was not immersed
1,The movie itself is not good...
6,134 minutes of journey for the last 20 minutes
6,If you don't have much interest in a singer named Quinn... A movie that can be boring
1,Queen is a very annoying unit in Starcraft... My precious Dragoon Gilot Hi-templar was not funny at all
6,I waited for 2 hours to see the last scene.
1,Gay and pro-Japanese... Worst... Is this a fake score?
3,Typical of movie populism. That's it. the vanity of ratings created by mob psychology
6,It's a little too much for a 12-year-old.
1,Why are you opening your top when you're singing?LOL
1,A movie that's below my expectations.  Why do they put this movie up? I'm worse than a documentary.
6,Now I know the legend. sincere homage to their musical achievements
2,Someone recommended the movie to include the ending
1,It's not fun. Unprecedented horoscope bubble
1,Spent two hours and 22 minutes in my life.
1,The movie that made me feel uncomfortable watching because of Jenny. It's terrible
1,It's just a story about a lucky jerk
6,I don't quite understand why it's a masterpiece. A person who has met a chance in the midst of an impressive trend of the times. What is special about him? Arisong Hanks' performance was good
5,It was just like that.
6,Don't decide the standard of life recklessly
6,There were no lessons as if they were not textbooks of life. Well done
1,Jenny used Namjoo because she is stupid
4,Is Little Forest really Forest's biological child? That's the only question left at the end of the movie. The story of an idiot who was bewitched by a promiscuous hippie woman named Jenny and carried a child of unknown descent before she died.
1,Life is like a feather!And Jenny died of AIDS
2,A true OO movie ....
6,Sometimes it's okay to go back. That time is not meaningless at all either.
6,It's boring. It's not fun.
1,It was so boring and boring.
2,The main character is Jennie. I just turned my life around. But I made a mistake because I just couldn't take care of myself.
6,11.10.22. Ron Forrest! Roowon!
1,I don't know what the hell the lesson is. It was so boring. What was it? It was a movie that was neither touching nor interesting to me.
5,It's normal. Movies that have different preferences
1,I can't believe the Shawshank Escape at the time was being pushed to this kind of movie
1,Tom Hanks' acting is cringe-worthy. Delete it after 30 minutes.
6,A movie that you can watch once in a while
5,I felt uncomfortable when I saw the female lead. She's so selfish
1,It's not fun to say that oldies are fun
1,Is society in the '90s so promiscuous?
3,The End of a Patriotic Conservative Youth Played by Hippies
1,Forest has no loyalty
6,It's more boring than touching.
1,It has a higher rating than you think. It's not my style. It's a movie that people either like or dislike
6,Tom Hanks' finest performance!
1,Jenny is a real villain. I have nothing to say. The director seems misogynistic.
3,I met Kim Chi-nyeon and watched a bad ending movie.
1,I guess it's not a masterpiece for everyone
4,JENNIE... She's the original.I think Kim Chi-nyeon got inspiration from Jenny.
4,Can you control the comments?
1,It's so much fun. 1234
3,by chance and by chance JENNIE is a bit annoyed
1,It wasn't very interesting and a waste of time
1,Monthly E is better (same rating)
1,I don't know where to be touched
1,It must be a movie worth watching.
5,Another evangelicalism that speaks of positivity and hope
1,I don't know why it's so high
3,Tragedy of a fool who met the wrong woman and was kept in the field for life
1,It's just a lesson. I hate it
1,"I'm going to meet you now". I recommend it
2,A movie that shows the ideal case of a lucky fool and makes everyone stupid
5,The scary things behind the fun and touching moments
6,Watch. Overrated movie. I know it's a touching movie
1,It's too high... It's too high
4,Just less than expected. I don't know how many times I'm upset because of Jenny. Forest is a Bodhisattva
1,I can't believe it's 9.35.
4,Why is this so famous and touching? The whole time I saw it was unbearable. Oh my god
1,There's no answer.
5,I think I'm a fool. I don't know. I don't know what's good about it. There are people like me.
6,Am I emotionally dry?
1,Eustist Gump
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,Life is a chocolate box
5,There was nothing to watch except pure emotion.There was no emotion at all about the content of the film.
1,Can't understand the heroine's behavior.
3,Boring...
6,I don't like Tom Hanks narrating. I wonder if there are any impressive scenes other than the list of modern American history.
3,I don't like it. It's not fun. I didn't expect too much. It's not touching. It's long. It's a hundred times better for boys or three idiots in striped pajamas. I'll give you three points for fear of getting dumped
1,a typical American movie
1,JENNIE and I say "I'm so sorry"
5,It was a development that a bad boy became a soldier and then a ping pong prodigy that I didn't understand at all
5,I'm bored the whole time I watch it.
5,I was just bored...Are you emotionally dry?Why is the rating so high?
1,Not really
6,A typical American human drama...
6,It was not enough to win the best picture award over "The Shawshank Escape."
6,I'm sleepy. I'm sleepy. I can't watch it because I'm too sleepy
1,Why is it so easy for you to live your life?Do you think that's possible?In the world these days?
1,A film so unrealistic. The story and the lesson are too obvious. Mooring zinc smoke is also 2 percent short.
1,be inferior to Augustrush
1,I slept because I was bored
5,You can't be happy just by feeling happy
6,Why is it called a masterpiece?
1,Why do you have the same ratings before and after watching it? It gives me goosebumps
6,a film that gave me a good feeling of hope
1,Jenny didn't have to leave the trash behind until it was time to die. What kind of movie is this?
1,I'm buying it now.I'm not very impressed.It's kind of forced...a grade-pointing machine
1,I was bored to death
1,a shameless Jenny
6,It's just that
5,Too much coincidence and hyperbole. It's not boring.
6,Hmm………………….
1,It's not a big deal.
1,It's so boring...Avatar is much more fun
1,You glorified the Vietnam War.The American Supremacy is annoying...
6,I'm not touched.
1,Let's put everything aside. The national team is the best
1,Sorry... national team fan ^^
1,It's not as fun as the national team.
1,The national team is much more fun
1,the best movie
1,It's 10 points
1,National University of Korea
1,The best! The rest of us got 1 point
1,The development of the story is focused on the main character's luck.
6,It's nice to see because it's pure and passionate.K
4,The success story of a lucky fool's life
1,I don't have an eye for movies.
1,-..- It's not that bad
1,a really touching movie
6,an idiotic success story
6,It's not a big touching moment. It's a heartwarming moment.It doesn't look like the best.
5,I didn't like it.
4,There is no realism or justification in the development of the situation. a fairy tale
1,a masterpiece of a fishing film
6,I believed in the = B rating too much HJ: That's childish
6,It was a huge hit with the Lion King in '94. I don't think it's me.
6,A story that is carried out by chance... I wasn't touched
1,Not good.
1,not much
1,Cash disappointed;
1,Where is it touching? Where is it fun?Where are you getting into character?Where's the empathy?
1,It's not that
1,The dead poet's society is better
1,I can't believe it
1,It's not that
6,Life is luck. My luck is 98 percent... 2 percent effort. That;;
1,It's too long. 142 minutes;;;
1,It's sad. It's touching
1,It's not that
1,It's hard to feel it
1,I'm so disappointed
1,Where is the touching moment?
1,have no feeling
1,It's just boring
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?T
1,I'm so touched that I want to give you 1 point
1,It's so boring
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?
1,It just wasn't fun for me. That's all;
1,It's a movie that doesn't hit home
1,...I'm falling asleep
1,It's a movie that doesn't reach you very much
1,It's a movie I've never heard of before
1,That's the worst. Boring.
1,As if it's not
6,Six points
1,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,be bored and boring
5,It's just normal
1,It's all talk Manet was boring
2,I can never agree with a well-made film or nihilism about history and beliefs
1,I'm not impressed. It's just boring. I'm lucky
1,It's not a big deal. It's just a story about a lucky person
1,It's good
1,It's so boring
1,The worst movie in my life
1,What's left of this movie? opportunism
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it so much? I don't know where to be touched...
1,The worst movie is "Naver Netizens"You guys don't even know Jam Lotte movies
1,I get depressed when I watch it
1,I don't know if it's because of her being bizarre the day before
1,Shawshank is the best
1,The best movie ever! It's so much fun
1,A good movie... But isn't 8 points good enough?
1,It's fun
1,cool
3,I didn't like it.The rating is too high.
1,I'm yawning
1,I don't think that's the best movie I've ever seen.But it's a good movie
1,This isn't it
3,People must like this kind of thing. I'm bored the whole time I watch it
1,Let's make Terminator 2 the top 10...
1,The best movie of all time
6,A ridiculous but funny and funny movie ^^
1,Maybe it's because it's been so long since it came out. Compared to the movies these days...
1,I can't believe this is funny. I can't believe it.
1,Everything changes!!
1,a poor work
1,Are you trying to fight a war? Defconn one
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
3,A movie that NEOCON will like... The deep conservatism and prejudice behind the entertainment...
1,The success story of a white supremacist southern conservative.
1,The success story of a white supremacist southern conservative.
1,The female lead is so prettyShe's Mrs. Shawn Pan.
1,Tom Hanks' best performance.
1,A good movie. But a better movie...
1,A good movie. But it's too high.
6,The subclass of 'Naveen' packs America into conservatism. The director is scary.
1,not much
1,Why is this a masterpiece?
6,I don't think it's more than this movie.
1,It's not worth watching a damn movie
2,For the American people.an American film
2,Forced watching movie during middle school class. Long live America kkkkdan
1,I'm sleepy.;
1,Long live America!
6,A glimpse of the history of the United States at a glance.
1,Before the title...
1,a crystal of artificial emotion
1,Oxu0606<-- 1 point because of this number
1,a perfect performance compared to a poor production
5,Let's not trust the score too much.Disappointed.
6,It was a bit boring
5,I really didn't like it
1,a typical American film
1,I can't believe this movie won the Shawshank and won the prize
3,Need to tell if it's an American history story or a sad movie
5,The running part is jam. And not much
5,The beauty of living with feathers...
1,I caught a cold
1,the best movie
1,Let's win no.1 on "Radio Star"
1,We're not chocolate! Our lives were born for a definite purpose
1,Is there a more subtle right-wing movie than this?
1,a film that sneaks up on America's imperialist hegemonic war
1,a film cleverly advocating American superiority using blunt force
1,Are you telling me to live like a fool?
1,It's not that impressive.
1,It's just a movie
1,The idea of this movie is impure.
5,the final version of the American conservative right-wing film
1,An anti-warist is a troublemaker and a druggie? It's excitement!
1,Typical rubbish movie based on American chauvinism
1,not much
1,American Supremacy...turning anti-war hippies into drug addicts
1,Why are these movies in the top ranks? That's ridiculous
2,a good movie
1,Ryeo-cha
3,Tom Hanks acting as well... Good!
5,A movie that is well-dressed but shows American supremacy again
1,Great
1,The story of a genius with a low IQ is just pretending to be a successful story
1,American chauvinist film...Treat hippies as trash
5,What? Everything that innocent people do is a success?Ha ha.
1,It couldn’t be worse.
1,I didn't like it.
1,The main character is so stupid^^ LOL
1,I can't click. I was going to give you 10 points...
1,the worst movie of one's life
5,It was boring...It's a low level ;-_--_-;
1,It's so boring. Hooray to America? lol
6,Long live Gump! Long live America! That's amazing.
4,I don't like it because my life is like Gump.
1,Overrated movie... Six points
1,Bored
3,an American story
1,not much
1,I don't like Hollywood movies.
6,a movie that I didn't feel much about
1,Consistent with blatant sentimentalism without properly describing the lives of the disabled
1,American filmmaking
6,American heroism
1,I slept after watching this.
1,Hollywood-style squeezing. I'm touched.
5,I don't really...
6,A movie that was forced but funny in its own way
1,It doesn't make sense...The movie... When I was running...It's contrived!
1,I can't really relate...
1,It is more interesting to buy OOO
3,I was bored because I saw you in middle school.
1,- The only thing to see was the Phantom from the Vietnam War. - The end
1,an old load
1,Amadeus is first place!
1,A fun drama.
1,Expanded reproduction of Pax Americana
1,The Scariest American Mansae Movie
1,Thriller
2,a decent movie
1,I'm pissed off
4,I don't know if it's because I saw Maraton first.
4,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9 points. one's personal opinion
1,That's not fun.
1,...............please
1,the worst movie ever
5,It's too much of a one-sided nature
4,I saw it yesterday. It was boring.Can't relate. Can't understand Netizens -_-
3,The best part of making an American hero under the veil of an Academy Award!
5,the culmination of an American heroism And the sacrifice of Andy Duprain.
1,The movie that made Tom Hanks a banned actor!
2,It's such an American movie. Touching? Fun
1,a film representing the far right in the United States
1,I'm not in a good state of mind.
1,I'm not that...
5,It was pretty boring
4,The Academy's second mistake! What else is there besides subtle nationalism?
2,It's too much
1,not much
1,I enjoyed watching it
1,I enjoyed it
2,The height of American Supremacy. It's more bitter than laughter
1,A typical American hurrah.A trash movie...
1,This isn't right.
1,Tom Hanks really has no end to his acting...
1,It's a really fun movie
1,I'm so touched.
1,It's so calm
5,Don't you think life is too easy?
6,...an exciting trip to American modern history with a fool
1,a film for elementary school students
6,Registered my Tianjin Nun5 st. Adelaide Livran Social Multifactor Network.
1,It's really boring. Even children won't like it
2,Not as interesting as the title...
2,Life is no joke. Movies are just movies. Let's not copy them
1,It's not fun. It's not Naestal
1,This is how I want to give 11 points
1,I can't watch Indian movies
1,노No fun 인도 인도 Why is the Indian movie song "Chemani" 8?
1,The movie is interesting. I'm just adjusting the rating.^^*
2,Look at Hotel Mumbai Three idiots in India. I hate hotel Mumbai. Allahin Indian dog 10 flavor
1,a film with a punchline of Rancho's ideas
1,But you come first in communication and foot-and-mouth disease.
1,Project Nit 67 in 54 in Sports For All and Country
1,National Environmental Planner Not the Same Family Healthcare Initiative
4,It's not funny to see the kids playing Aliswell and giving you points.
5,The best thing I've ever seen in school! All is what!
1,That's not realistic It's not realistic
6,Let's do what we like and do.
1,I was just like that...
1,I don't understand why this trash has a high rating
5,I don't think Indian movies are fun
4,It's like seeing Shim Hyeongrae's Younggu and Ddangchil. I realize that everyone has likes and dislikes.
6,An interesting life story of an optimist...It's nothing more than that
6,The contents and videos of the book
5,The movie is moving on C.O.V. with a score of 9 points for boredom
5,A movie that's boring and doesn't know where to laugh
3,When does the movie end?
1,Let's not be fooled by the ratings. It's not a 9+ movie.
1,The best movie of my life.Beyond the third rate of sleepless sighs.
2,I give you two points because of some terrorist.
1,Let's not watch manly men. It's not funny
6,the gap between the ideals and reality of a movie
1,It's childish and tiresome. It's not fun. It's a rare big movie. I don't know what's good about India's childish content.
1,I doubt it's really a rating manipulation. Too much expectation makes me think of the gift or Myeongnyang of No. 7 room.
2,Why the gag used in the 80s in Korea comes out in movies made in the 21st century... I think it's a little better than the movies that Shim Hyung-rae made...
2,a film that looks like an ill-organized memo
5,I don't know why it's rated high
1,The movie that makes you laugh is not fun
2,My hands and feet are cringe-worthy.
1,The biggest bubble rating movie since the V4 Vendetta...
2,I'll give you two points because of the bubble
4,A typical Internet puffer movie.
6,It is a movie worth watching.
3,Totally childish! It's like an Indian movie.
1,It wasn't this much jam
2,The content is corny and the character's personality is typical and exaggerated. Maybe it's a characteristic of Indian movies
6,It's just sloppy. Everyone knows this and it's normal to make this into a movie.
6,The rough gemstone (Balliwood) was well polished.
1,Thank you for the Indian dance the cross
1,Hmm. It's higher than I thought  The rating
1,A sloppy jigsaw movie.
5,It was just worth watching. Compared to his reputation...
1,Don't watch this crap movie. What's the score of 10?
6,I think I would have enjoyed it more if I watched it when I was young
1,a film full of giggles be rated as a gangster
1,The critics are crazy. I have to track all the Indian money deposits.
1,So childish. Kids with high ratings are childish
1,A no-fun feast. It's not a B-rated movie. It's a D-rated movie
3,Less than an educational drama
1,be not worth much evaluation
6,Bollywood's charms and limitations
1,A movie that elementary school students would praise
1,6-7 is the right score. Dance for no reason. Singing should come out all the time. It's Indian
4,Dog attraction! I thought teenagers would like it if they were teenagers
1,Ratings... This isn't a movie with a rating
1,It's fun to sing in the middle of it's out of the blue
1,I don't know why I get such a high rating
1,The Worst Movie to Become a Disappointed Dog
6,an infinite positivism toward life It's exactly like Bollywood
1,The lesson of this movie is this! and plainly revealedA good work is made to convey a message enough without expressing it openly. A film that can't erase a very thin and one-dimensional feeling that can't be found in a work
1,It's Byung-point control. Show shank you
1,What's wrong with this? Is it mob mentality that everyone says is funny?
1,Self-Defense Video to Satisfy the Delusion of the Scholars
1,Thank you for the movie Ahem
4,I don't think it's my taste. It's not fun. I just watched it. I think it's a difference
1,It's a perfect score for a critic. It's perfect
1,It's a movie that's not good enough for ratings. Four to five points seem to be a reasonable rating.
6,Movies are just movies. Let's not copy them
1,It's a bubble with a rating of over 9 points
6,It was a very ordinary movie. Why is it so popular?
1,A movie I don't want to see again ^^
1,A movie that was hard to watch until the end ^^
1,I think it's funny and I don't like it. I think it's a little childish
6,Why is the rating so high?LOL It wasn't good. That's too simple
1,That's childish. I love the score. It's funny.
1,I didn't like it. Too high a rating
1,I give you 1 because the rating is too high. It's perfect to watch when you feel that reality is too hard and you want to be childish. It's like a children's movie It's not a derogation. It's not a work of art. It's for entertainment. Lessons are one-dimensional
5,I'm sick and tired of excessive optimism
1,There must be a lot of likes and dislikes.
1,Some cringe-worthy scenes and lines. The ending is a bit weird.
1,I can't stand it. I can see the limits of the Indians
4,The reason why this rating is like this is because I think elementary and middle school students gave me a rating like this I just watched it and I think all the bad parts of the movie are collected
4,one of the most overrated films
6,The illusion that romance and dreams will be good.
1,I don't know why this is a masterpiece
6,It's a touching chord that I've seen a lot of times.
1,It's a movie that would have been criticized if it were a Korean director.
1,It's really boring. I've never seen such a boring movie
1,It's trash. I thought you were trash
4,It's a little boring for me.
1,Why is the rating so high?
1,I didn't think it was fun at all
1,No Fun Emotional Movie --
1,I feel like I'm being overrated
1,not much
6,Why do you have a high rating when you're childish after saying obvious things?  I don't know why movies with obvious lessons are so popular. It was so obvious and obvious that it was embarrassing. You can't do it because you don't know the lessons here?
2,2 points are appropriate
1,I don't understand why the ratings are so high
5,Kidding dogs. Sitcomers
1,It wasn't that fun to have a high rating. I gave him 1 point because he was dumbfounded
6,Well...
1,Zero work. A film like a self-improvement book. It is surprising that the infinitely positive view and Enlightenment are working in this era. The movie's rating seems to reflect the level of the Korean public in terms of culture and art.
3,Don't be fooled by the common self-improvement book
1,It's a movie with a masterpiece of 8 points that makes good use of Bollywood's vibes
1,Is the breakthrough in coercive competitive education a natural genius brain who eats well and lives well without formal education? It seems that the reality of education in Korea is frustrating to see such a childish movie
1,The group dance and song that pops out from time to time and cuts off the flow of the movie are annoying
5,I'm a bit annoyed because of the musical
3,Indian jokes that you can't laugh at. It's a cultural difference
1,Is it a cultural difference? What's this?
1,A movie that is somewhat unrealistic and full of drama elements but is fun enough
1,a boring movie
1,I'm never going to watch Indian movies again.
6,It was just worth watching
1,Just watch it
6,a light movie I liked the characteristic cheerfulness.
1,All is well! All is well! All is well!
1,I agree with the high rating
1,The rating is too high. I clicked all the masterpieces
1,Is there 0 point? Rancho or maybe it's not my father's scooter. I think it's OOO. It's a job for people who are opposed to my idea. Do you hate people who are self-made because of their hard work?
1,Why is it fun? I don't understand
2,It's perfect for killing time. It's a weird song. It's cringe-worthy because everyone's obvious lesson. Artistry and workmanship are below expectations and cannot be understood by those who praise them.
1,A movie like an idiot gets 1 point
1,A movie that's literally stupid
1,Three Idiots
1,Childish Waistwood Chewers Happy Ending Comedy~
1,Not so much;;;;;;;;
1,How can a movie like a caravan raping a person on a bus be fun? LOL
5,a movie that is divided into likes and dislikes
1,The Indians have no manners
1,What a jerk!
1,It wasn't that fun.
1,What's so interesting about Indian movies?
1,What do you need for this movie? Loyalty
1,You're really not loyal.
1,Idiots have no brains but no grandeur.
1,It's fun. You should watch it
1,a great deal
1,a great deal
1,The movie of three dopey men.
1,The limitations of Indian films...
1,You're not loyal. Is this why you'really? It's not funny
1,a childish movie
1,Loyalty
1,a great deal
1,Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,It's fun.
1,does
1,Literally an idiot
1,I'm so disappointed.
1,be shameless
1,Is this fun?
1,Come on!
1,The loyalty of idiots... The loyalty of the town
1,The three idiots have no backbone
1,a lack of loyalty
1,Idiots are not loyal
1,A movie without a head is a dead body by Jun
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,have no loyalty
1,Come on!
1,I'm so proud of you
1,That's ridiculous
1,I will be majestic
1,It's too big
1,a stupid movie
1,That's not fun.
1,I've never seen such a loyal movie.
1,I'll give you 1 point because you're so mean to your classmates
1,Why do Indian movies sing and dance? Without loyalty...
1,a great deal of weakness
1,It's just cringe-worthy
1,a trident
1,It was such a magnificent movie
1,The security in India is no joke these days. I hope no one goes to India after watching this
1,There's no curry soup
1,A movie that doesn't have this loyalty...
1,to the lord of the lord
1,Indian movies have no loyalty.
3,It's a shame that you lack loyalty.
1,a country rife with crimes and sexual violence in India
1,The country that sexually assaulted a woman without her is OUT
1,be shameless
1,I don't like Indian movies
1,We
1,You're letting me kill myself with the color of the helicopter!
1,I've never seen such a stupid movie
1,Emotional man out!
1,The way I dance is cringe-worthy
1,You idiots.
1,Idiots aren't that loyal
1,I'm not good enough...Think about it I wonder if such a ridiculous movie is necessary in the world needs
1,There is no emotion for the Indian. It's because it's so strong.
1,Just like a child;;
1,It's not funny "Happy Enthusiasticity" Unexpected twist
1,OO curry men
1,No stress
1,Not funny
1,not much
1,Bored...
1,You're so rude
1,That's ridiculous
1,Why is everyone so bossy?
1,Do the three idiots think you're really loyal? I don't think so
1,be loyal to
1,have no manners among friends
1,a low-key movie
1,One point
1,Curry loyalty? OO!!!!!
1,a bunch of dopey friends
1,She doesn't know what she's doing
1,That was really boring.
1,A ridiculous curry movie. 1 point.
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,Not funny
1,It's a movie where the three of us just go for each other's goals without a hitch.
1,1 point because you don't seem loyal
1,Electric electric show!1
1,It's like a childish children's movie
1,Unloyal three-minute curry. No more never.
1,The cry of three friends who are not loyal to the university was so vain
1,Have some curry
1,Do you really think this movie can be evaluated as much as a hero? Look at the hero and feel the glory!
1,A movie with no loyalty. I couldn't help but shout after watching this movie. "Where's your loyalty?"
1,You have to be at least like Bosung's "Kick It"
1,That's ridiculous. My score is...
1,the worst
1,Come on!
1,Don't glorify the Indian filth
1,Ilbe ssdangkke and fire support.
1,Come on!
1,It was a very interesting and mellow movie with three men
1,1 point because I'm an idiot
1,Friends should be loyal.
1,Fire support
1,a great deal
1,Obvious trashy movie. Bad movie that comes out and dances in groups
1,Wow~!
1,I'm giving you MJH because you don't have the grace
1,Don't pretend to be loyal. Bosung is a true loyal friend.
1,He's so stupid
1,to come to keep one's loyalty
1,stupid idiots
1,You loyal idiots! The title has already lost its loyalty to the audience!
1,Idiots don't know loyalty
1,The unspeakable male character leaves without a word
1,Loyalty. I evaluate all movies with these two words... But there is no loyalty in this movie.All
1,an idiot
1,Do you think Idiots have any loyalty? I'll give you one point.
1,I don't need words
1,A fool's loyalty doesn't match his brother.
1,It was a movie where there was no loyalty between men.
1,Idiots don't know what to do with themselves
1,The best trash movie of my life. There's no answer. This is third place
3,a third-rate half-dozen-balled piece of art for idiots and giggles That's why I think it's three idiots. I will give you 3 points because I can see that the idiots tried to make a movie together.
1,Maybe it's because they're idiots. They're not funny
1,It's a stupid movie that only idiots watch
1,lack of loyalty
1,The movie is not loyal
1,Come on! Come on!
1,He's young
1,The boss of three idiots can't keep up with you
1,a trite
1,Three idiots have no loyalty
1,Loyalty
1,I don't like it
1,yes
1,a movie that lacks loyalty
1,That's ridiculous
1,You need to have an edge
1,Like there's no boss among the main characters
5,It wasn't that fun. I don't know why the rating is so high. Touching? Fun?  There aren't that many things like that I don't even remember. I don't know what the story is.Just a normal movie...
1,It's not my style
6,It's not that funny
1,Rating adjustment
1,I don't like it. I'm not touched. I shouldn't have seen it
1,no
1,I can't believe this kind of movie got 2nd place on NAVER. It's a pity and a pity.
1,What are the experts...You have to tell me how you felt about this. Tell me why you gave me 7 points
4,I can't believe this movie is second in the review... It's too obvious
1,;;haha;
1,It's too bubbly
1,overrated
1,Back
1,It's not funny
3,I think the rating is too high. Daum's GPA is reliable.
4,Fantasy for the poor.
1,It's not fun to dub on Mbc
1,a boring and boring subject
6,Dubbed...
1,Bollywood who wants to be Hollywood...
1,Exactly 8 points
1,The rating is too high
1,The eight point range is appropriate
1,That was corny.
1,a high-rated reason
1,The basis of the lesson of this movie is questionable. He talks about ridiculous situations and narrates that Rancho was right at the end
2,I think I've seen it two or three times
1,I'm sorry. I just did.
1,It's so distracting...And the rating is too high...
1,It's a movie that can't be said to be unconditionally good
1,Overrated rating
1,The rating is too high
1,Rasmussen Dexala for over a year.
1,Why is this first place?
1,I don't know why this movie is ranked first. A really boring movie...
1,a childish story that is not realistic at all
6,The obvious but moving Bollywood volley is better than Hollywood
1,a textbook impression
1,It's just a common trash lefty instigation emotional movie 이따 이따 New meals that this kind of trash movie is good are from Jeolla-do or parents from brothel
1,Let's not look... They've been watching it for an hour and a half without any expression. I have no idea what a faraway movie is like
1,It's not a movie with such a high rating...
1,Your fishing is amazingYou solved too many part-timers
1,It's the same as the person right below
1,It's the best piece of my life
1,The rating is too high
1,Why is this 9 points? It's like elementary school students' level. Smells like a part-timer!1
3,over-emotional
1,Childish... It's like watching a movie from the 80s. I was looking forward to it.
1,I think 9.43 is too much for this movie.
1,Please. I don't think it's 9.43... I think this score of 8.5 is appropriate to adjust the rating
1,I felt uncomfortable watching the movie because it seemed to force me to pursue my dream
1,It was fun... But...
1,I really don't know why this movie is famous
2,Can I say that a life that doesn't chase a dream is a life that fails unconditionally and is wrong? Why force an answer when there is no answer in life?
6,The main character is self-centered.
1,I can't believe a movie like this is in the 9-point range.I don't understand
1,It's like NAVER level
1,It's not funny
4,Nothing special
3,Bubble
1,Why is this crap rated as a bubble?-- There are so many other masterpieces
1,What's this?
1,It's not that fun. 9.4 is too much
1,It's not good. Not fun
1,Who am I that was so obvious and childish all the time watching this movie that I only laughed? Am I weird?
1,"Kwala
1,Lower the rating
1,Giroud
1,I don't understand why this -_-;
1,The rating is too high.
1,That's too high a rating.
1,one of the worst movies
3,Injective Training Countermeasures Manual with cramming education
1,That's childish...
1,It's not funny
1,It would have been nice if I had taken out the unique curry smell
1,I think it has a high rating
6,It's fun
6,9.43 is not the case
1,9.43 denies it
1,The best movie ever
6,I can't understand a good rating. One of the common and ordinary movies for me.
1,a movie that doesn't make any real sense
1,Not really
1,I can't believe it's rated higher than Titanic. Let's go down to 9.3.
1,It's not that...
1,A movie that's not as interesting as a real bubbly person
1,a boisterous loony movie with Indian b 들s that is far less fun than being beaten to death by a boar
1,I don't like it
1,I don't really...
1,I don't understand why the ratings are so high
4,The original novel is much more fun. The movie is not that good
1,Not really
1,It's not fun. It's a movie for Gongdols
1,Let's lower the rating.There is no denying that it is boring.
1,Boring. That's all I need.
1,It's just funny. Not so ;; smack ;;
1,Why is it made?
1,So-so.
1,Boring.
1,Let's not believe in the ratings!  Stop watching in the middle because it's childish
6,Why don't I like it? I didn't see anything else
1,childishness
1,Why is it No. 1 on NAVER?
1,You're the best!
2,It wasn't that fun.
6,I was just like that... Whoa
1,not much
1,That's the way it is
1,The average score is very high because Indian movies are not very popular
5,unconvincing persuasion of patients with 8th grade syndrome
1,That's too much
6,A song that makes me feel like I'm getting goosebumps.It was fun but unfortunate
1,It's higher than the Titanic. Do you have a concept?
4,The message is so blatant and childish.
1,a widowed husband
1,I wasn't able to get into the mood...;;
5,Why is everyone so crazy about this movie?
1,be overrated
3,I think a lot of people enjoyed watching it... I just couldn't see through. too instructive and eager
1,I don't know what's funny about this.
3,It is burdensome to be overly contrived.
1,I can see Korean people watching movies. Phew
1,Evidence that elementary students use Naver a lot...
5,Bbald Monster. All the rating guys are Bbald Monster
1,Fun
1,It's not to the point where we won first place
1,a heavy sell of sensibility3 hours too long
1,Who erased my rating? It's not fun
5,It's a music sitcom that's over an hour long
1,That's a really good movie. It's fun the whole time I watch it
1,Well ..
1,I actually enjoyed watching it...The score is too high
4,I personally like Bollywood's musical-like development and song. But it's just a scenario where you really need a diet. It was such a boring and long movie for me knowing that Aliswell was a mirage. It's a forced development to impress...
1,Ugh... a childish movie. I'll hold it in for 30 minutes and give up... This is an example of how bad the Naver score is.
1,It's not funny
3,It was boring...
1,I don't know...;
1,It's not that...
5,Is my taste strange...;;
1,It is a movie that is biased toward sudden dance or forced emotion that does not fit Korean sentiment. The reason for the one-point owner is that he does not like the rating that is too high compared to other masterpieces.
1,I saw this movie at school. It's so popular.
4,Why didn't you make an animation? It's a three-hour live Disney cartoon... It has a pleasant taste. I don't know because I've never seen Indian movies before. Is it always like this?
5,I can't believe this is number one in the movie rating. I respect Naver Netizen level
4,Pleasant Indian slapstick comedy + clichés and coercive lessons. It's too bad to be a masterpiece
6,Well made but just one of the common Bollywood styles.
1,A movie that elementary school kids like
4,It's just that kind of movie.There are many movies that are better and better than movies that have high ratings
1,I don't think it's the first place in the overall movie rating
6,I like random musical elements and Indian movies
1,It's not my style.
1,The Korean group is making a fuss. It's 7 points at least 7 points. 1 point for making a fuss
1,You have to go down. It's not that bad
1,It's not fun. It's got a high
1,I don't think this is right...
1,That's it.
3,Even the sound of embarrassment is kind of funny
4,It's fun. It's so touching that it's impossible to make a movie for students who are stuck in a stereotype
4,No... This isn't it. A narrow-minded view.
1,I don't like it on the Titanic
3,It's boring. There's no comedy. The ending is good
1,A film worth just six points with laughter and emotion. The clumsiness of Indian films is still hard to overcome.
1,a movie without acting alone
1,9.46 is a bit
1,Ah... That's childish.
1,It lacks realism and persuasion. I don't know if it's focused on denying your temper and watching
1,I can't believe this is No.1 on NAVER movie.I turned it off while watching it...
6,Did I have to make it childish?
1,a forced and childish third-rate
1,I don't like to see you dance
2,It was just a little childish
5,I don't know why it's so high
1,Killer group is first place!
5,Are my emotions dry? Did I get the point wrong? It's too far from my taste. It's so cheesy
1,I don't know
1,But that doesn't mean I'm first place
1,It's boring
6,Indian film characteristics divided between likes and dislikes
1,not much
1,I'm sick of the dancing part
1,It's a disgrace to the Titanic
1,not much
1,It's not to the point of first place
1, well
1,How is this 9.46 when there are so many other interesting movies?
1,I prefer Titanic even if it's fun
4,At least it's not a movie to be called a masterpiece.
1,The fact that this movie is number one is an insult to Titanic
1,Entering the anti-Alba rating adjustment
1,Make Titanic No. 1 Project Don't Blame Titanic
1,The fact that this movie is number one is an insult to Titanic
1,As much as I expected...
1,I don't like it
1,I don't know why this is first place
1,It's like a rice cake heaven
1,a strongly divided film
1,It's not a first-rate
1,I don't know what it is
1,I can't accept that you have a higher score than the Titanic.
1,There are so many better movies than this.No. 1 Film Rating Disqualified
1,That doesn't mean it's going to be the first place movie
1,I watched half the movie and gave up... ...because it was so boring.Is it fun after that?
1,a tedious repetition
1,I got bored and fell asleep in the middle of the show. What's
1,a movie with a professional rating
6,A movie that's neither a comedy nor a drama topped Naver's list of Academy Award-winning films -_-
1,The fun is a bit
1,I saw it today and it was kind of boring...
1,not much
1,It wasn't fun
1,I slept through the garbage
2,It is a movie that combines common gag and touching elements and is being overrated
3,Ugh.
3,The ending was so obvious and the Bollywood color was so dark that the moving parts were different
1,Let's adjust the rating. Let's lower it.
2,The best Bollywood-style musical with a rating of 40 is expected to develop without watching the acting of a college student
4,It's so childish. It's bubbling. No. 1 rating is too much. Everyone seems to be out of their minds
1,No jam compared to the horoscope
1,I can't be the only one. Is this how it's 9 points?
1,a trash third-rate movie
5,It's obvious. The first place is too much
1,If you didn't see it until the end...
1,I was tricked. It's not fun
1,It's not a movie that's going to get 1st place
1,It's my first time watching a movie that I slept on. Let's not believe the score. It's childish
1,How can this be No. 1 on NAVER's
1,People who say this is fun are elementary school students or people with low mental age. It's a childish movie.
1,I strongly recommend a movie where you can feel both fun and emotion
1,a movie that demands too much emotion
1,be overrated
5,Indian movies are a bit unfamiliar... It's comical but touching
3,It's too long and it's a little annoying
1,I think it's too much to get 1st place
1,Everyone gave me such a high score. 1 point for coming
1,It's just a normal movie. The reason why it's only 1 point is because of the criticism of the part-timers who give 10 points
1,Childishness. Lowering the rating.
1,a childish film trying to teach the audience one-dimensional
3,I was so bored in the beginning and I just screamed like a god
5,Is this a part-time job? What is it?
1,It wasn't fun.
3,Did I have high expectations?
1,I had too much expectation too much.
5,Summer vacation special...
1,I'm bored... I'm not touched...
1,I don't like high scores because I don't even watch movies
1,I wasn't that funny. Am I from Mars?
1,I don't like Indians
1,I know it's not a one-point movie.But the rating is fizzling.I'm going to wipe it off
1,It's a waste of time. It's not related to the name
1,All is well and boring
1,It's not fun. It's the limit of Bollywood.I don't like anything other than English.a word spoken in the middle
6,A new kind of fun?
1,Middle school students wouldn't know if they did it. It's too much
1,It's not like Lemmings.
1,Did the people who cried after watching "Dewer" get back together? a childish film
1,It doesn't suit me...The Indian language is quite intrusive;;;;
5,It's not really ten
1,I hate the cringe of hands and feet.
3,Good for a comic drama but cliche and too instructive. Al iswell
1,Are you all sane?
1,The rating is a bit high
1,It's not the highest rating. The story is so predictable and I can see clearly the intention to teach you a lesson...
1,I've seen it for a little
6,It was fun to be funny.
1,Fooled by ratings... It's my first time turning it off in the middle... Is it because I have high expectations?
1,The last scene where you showed that you're strong because you have a lot of money.
1,It was really boring
1,Bubbles. I don't remember anything
3,A girl's face looks so weird
1,It's boring... The story is predictable...
1,That's not fun.
1,It's not fun at all LOL
1,I was fooled by the rating and turned it off in the middle. Am I the only one who's not funny? It's so boring
1,It's not my cup of tea.
6,It's a very touching movie.  You watched it with the kids.  It's an era where you only study hard
1,The probability of dead poets' social sublime works is a little low.
1,Curry out!
1,The rating is too high.
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,It was fun... But this is first place??
1,It's not fun
1,boredom
5,I don't think there's anything to give 10 points without seeing a lot of masterpieces that don't match this movie
1,I totally fell for the rating
1,I can't believe this movie is still number one.
1,I don't think it's this bad
1,a heartwarming movie
1,Why is this fun? I'm not a part-timer
1,I don't know
1,It's really grossly boring lol
1,Is this the only level of Korean people?It's so childish and I can't stand it.Too low level
1,I don't like it.
1,Why on earth????????????????????????????????????????????
4,It's really not fun -- does it make students laugh?
1,I erased it while looking at it...The storyline and the forced emotion...
1,It's worth watching
1,Why is this fun?
1,It's not number one
5,Good. But I don't know how to give stars crying
2,Mononoke Hime doesn't have any meaning at all. There's no problem with the story even without the princess. I feel like I forced myself into it because of the role that there should be a beautiful woman next to the handsome main character.
1,It's just... Is it a comment part-time job?
2,Am I the only one who feels uncomfortable? What's the end of that wretched thing? Is it inevitable that they made the deer god like that because they have to live? What's the difference between Japan stepping on other countries like that? The most unpleasant work of Hayao Miyazaki. It's really bitter.
6,It was more fun than I thought.
1,It's just not good. Human-natural composition. Confrontation. Reconciliation. Harmony. It's just a boring subject.
1,It's not fun. I want to eat beef jerky
1,Are you kidding me? I'm just passing it off No.6. I dozed off. Sengwachihiro is fun. This is not it
2,It's the worst. The male lead is like a psychopath
6,imagination from savagery It shows the bare face of the Japanese. I can't believe it's a total audience. The Japanese are the most grotesque people in the world. It's disgusting.
6,It's very subjective to give a rating after watching a movie a rating. I can't understand it unconditionally because it's different from my opinion
6,The story is a bit crazy.
1,I don't know if it's really 10 points
1,a rating report that it is impolite to even dare to leave a rating This is so ridiculous. Isn't it not that bad?
2,Chewy Sunbi's main character is no fun movie
1,ikuljfthdr
1,French Ambassador to the Fleshier Taal
1,Ninonino Heaven and Entry
3,It wasn't that fun
1,1 point for Japanese culture
5,I think I watched all the animations that are hard to understand because there is no good or evil structure. The ending is ambiguous
1,But why is it a whole movie?It looks like a seven-year-old child.
1,It wasn't that fun. It was boring. Toy Story would be better.
1,That's not a grade.
1,I don't want to see a movie that doesn't mean anything.
1,Lower GPA. Hehehehe
5,You're like the descendants of colonial history. You've burned it to the ground and you're pretending to be beautiful!
3,It's not fun. It's okay as long as you do that
1,It wasn't that great... 9.33
1,I don't know what to do with the video media
1,Animal god? It is a movie that does not fit Korean sentiment in Korea.
6,The male lead was very... confusing
1,I can't believe I got 9.3 points
1,I think this is the worst piece of Ghibli's 30 years
1,It's not fun
6,I don't think it's a masterpiece
6,I guess I don't get along with Hayao Miyazaki
4,I think there are a lot of disgusting scenescrying
1,This is the first movie I've ever watched in a minute because I skipped over the unbearable boredom
5,I honestly didn't like Ghibli the most
1,I will adjust the rating...
1,Definitely a great Annie but not enough movie to give 9.33 so I give a decent grade at this point
3,The process of going to the lesson itself is far fetched
5,It's not fun. But I give you 5 points because it's addictive and reminds you of the importance of nature
3,I don't know the story. That's all
1,You got a high rating because of the hybrids.
1,I don't know why this cartoon has such a high rating. It's boring
1,an ordinary Japanese cartoon
1,Mononoke Town
1,8 points is appropriate but overrated.
6,It's always Miyazaki's movie
1,(Singing "Dokken")
1,To adjust the rating...I don't think it's a grade like this
1,I think the rating is too high.Was my expectation too high?I thought the graphic would be interesting compared to Annie these days.Just focus on the beginning and that wall is boring.I think it's about 7 points
1,Not good.
1,Bored. What's so funny about it?
1,It's a waste movie to watch with money
5,Don't you understand?
1,It's just boring. That's all. It's not fun
6,What god can't find his head and destroy the mountain?
1,I slept soundly
4,Japan's unique imagination that feels absurd beyond endless things
1,I don't know if it's because it's old...
6,It's a shame that the ending is
3,Is it possible to understand only if it's an otaku?
1,It's one of the best animations. Take a look.
1,It's not fun to bet.
1,It's too formal now.
3,Why am I so bored and not so good?crying
5,It's not that
1,a film for preschoolers aged 4 to 6
1,Princess Wonryeong fan
6,Humans and nature can coexist.
5,It's hard to keep your innocence.
1,Too boring to think only of lessons
1,Top
6,It's not that there's a little bit of a puzzle.It's kind of boring.
1,Why am I not funny?;;;;;
3,I wasn't like that
1,It was boring and boring
1,Lafuta Red Pig is a bit far from Nausica. But it's the 4th masterpiece of Ghibli!
5,Cartoons are just cartoons. The rating is too high
6,Calm touching ^^...Why is the rating so high?;;
1,There's not much to it
1,What the hell?
1,..a very absurd ending
1,It's a bit scary
6,a perverse examination of Japanese history But it's two percent short!
1,I don't like Miyazaki
1,I don't know if it's because I'm still young but I was very bored.
1,Story is the worst
1,I'm scared.
6,The indecisive male protagonist and the boredom of falling asleep
1,Mononoke Hime is the best!
1,I don't like Miyazaki
1,Don't watch it. Sen and Chihiro are a thousand times better
3,It doesn't suit me;;;
5,I don't know. I think I've interpreted nature as being too big. I need to protect him.
4,Was I expecting too much? It wasn't fun.
1,What?
1,It's not as good as I expected.
1,The ratings of the fans...
6,I don't know if this is in a movie that's playing;;
1,have one's hair cut off             lol
1,Rating adjustment. 8 to 9 points or less is appropriate.
6,What are you going to do about the poster?
1,Hayao's worst piece of work. That's too bad. One point is a waste.
6,cliché
3,I don't understand crying over this
5,The dilemma between historical drama and science fiction.The new deer kingdom is so confused that it is the EVA
1,Miyazaki's limit is at the end
4,Why is this so popular?Don't lean on the director's name!
1,Don't fall for the part-timers
1,Don't fall for the part-timers
1,The director doesn't like black people
3,What is it? I saw it because the rating was high.It's not fun. - 3-
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
1,Imagination without patterns... Useless imagination.
1,The rating is totally... The level of creative fairy tales of elementary school students...
1,What
6,I fell asleep while watching -_-; Why was it boring?
6,A painting that I didn't know much about...
1,The rating is too high
5,one of Miyazaki Hayao's failures
1,What a waste of money
1,Is there a zero point?^^;
1,a one-point movie
1,Boring movie!
1,Did you have fun?incomprehensible
1,I don't recommend it.
1,It was the worst animation ever
1,The worst... It's so boring...
5,The pig was so terrible
6,It's a bit boring. The color is annoying.Why do you need to castrate the color?
1,Nature Killing People Crazy and Moro Ashitaka's Bloody Feast
1,It has a high rating.
5,That's nice
1,A movie that was overrated by the first class.
1,A parody of the jungle book -_- a poor work
1,It was so cruel
2,It was just so-so
1,That wasn't fun.
1,I'm sick of it. I'm annoyed
2,Is my taste unique? I turned it off while watching it
6,It wasn't good.
1,I think it's cruel to watch with children.
6,Miyazaki Hayao's best movie ever
6,It's kind of boring to watch while concentrating...
6,The combined version of the animation that Miyazaki made so far
1,It wasn't that fun.
1,It's like action...The story is good
5,It was the most fun!!!
1,Non-American Air Agency Loans for Flexible Mobile Louvre; Environmental Environment Japan-South Korea Comparison Proposed Ou Female Virgo
1,It is fun and the mother is pretty.
2,What's the point of being good at drawing? I don't have much drama composition.
5,You're amazing
5,I don't know. I don't think it's a movie to watch twice.
5,I saw him in high school.It was a really good Annie.I hope you watch it.
1,It's the best animation!
6,A movie that brainwash children because environmental protection is the only good
5,Princess Wonyoung is so fun and I saw her four times But humans are bad
6,The last one was a bit boring...Wasn't it cruel for a cartoon?
5,Don't discuss Annie without watching this movie!
2,I want to have this kind of love someday.
6,The acting and story was simpler than I thought
6,Walk slowly until you're about to become a cringe-worthy irrationality. Impression is maximized.
1,Japanese movie "No Fun". Why did you watch this?
6,May he rest in peace. See you later
5,The score was higher than I thought...And I'll sort it out if I can. Maybe she's a little late.
1,Male and female lead actor alerted to contraception by saying three times she could get pregnant
6,For your family even though you know the future.
2,It's too obvious... There are so many forced things to be touched that I would cry more watching other movies
1,Not really... I don't want to see it againI think novels and Korean versions are much better
1,It's terribly boring and contrived
1,I can't relate to choosing to be someone's wife when I'm 20 and I know I'm going to die at 28 I'm devastated if I'm a Mio parent; I'm so impressed by the obvious story that people don't have eyes for movies
6,the first Marquis and the second Marquis the result of one's later appreciation of the original work
1,Their motherhood fantasy. Is it impressive that a dead woman comes back and writes the lyrics for a single parenting?
1,The World's Worst Movie in Jamming
1,Fools like Otaku Kim Sung-soo
1,Obvious melodrama. Japan's unique visual beauty
2,her big picture to the death
2,The Korean version is more interesting I don't like the Japanese version of Namjoo
1,One thing for sure is that it is 100 times more fun than the remake in Joseon.
1,The rating is too inflationary
5,I don't really like So Jiseob the best is Melo with Han Hyojoo. I don't remember the title
6,Giving a male vicarious satisfaction movie rating that a very pretty woman gives her life to be a wife and gives birth to a child because I can't pass my tears of paternal and maternal family love.
6,I guess she was looking forward to it. Except for Yuko Takeuchi. Yuko Takeuchi is the queen of lunch
1,It wasn't as good as I thought
1,I don't have high expectations
2,Is it true that my wife is going to the company when she doesn't know when she will go?
1,The rating is too high. The scene of recalling the heroine was also predictable.
4,A movie that makes you sleep well.Obvious story. Obvious ending. 3 beats of forced emotion.It's not realistic.The storyline is a mess...
1,This score is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
2,I was really looking forward to it.   I feel betrayed. Not my cup of tea.
4,The reviews were so good that I finally saw it today. But it was so boring the whole time I watched it. I'm sick and tired of talking about time warp love.
5,I don't like it. I can't even cry
1,The things that touch this are really low-level kids. I couldn't watch the movie because it was so boring and pathetic. This is touching?
1,What the hell... the best overestimation on the planet
1,Am I weird? It's so boring and I hate running and crying
1,Ha... I don't want to see this kind of movie anymore
1,This is a movie that doesn't make sense
4,It's a boring and obvious romance movie. Who can't make a movie if you make a forced impression like this? I was surprised because the rating was too high. I give you more ratings because of the OST.
6,It was nice to see a forced but touching family love
1,Shouldn't it be revived every rainy season? There's no saying that you'll be resurrected once
1,It seems irresponsible to marry like that even though you know you're going to die. Selfish woman...
4,I happened to see it twice... No. 2 is not that...;;;
5,It is very calm until 20 minutes before the end of the movie. It's kind of boring in a way. The story of this movie seems to exist for the last 20 minutes. 5 out of 10 by my standards
1,Don't trust the score. It's not fun a small fly
4,The ending of the movie that woke me up after watching it sadly...
2,It's nothing... It's just that kind of content
5,innocence closer to ideal than empathy
1,Namjoo's shaking eyes. It's a story that makes me cringe and predict
1,I was fooled by the horoscope.Time Paradox
1,Is this a sad movie? I was scared of the sound of my dead mother coming back to life in the beginning
1,It is right not to watch right-wing Japanese movies.Bored and sentimental
5,I can't relate...
1,I was fooled by the score that I was going to die of boredom while I was watching Eunyeong's movie!
5,Thank you. My score is...
1,I felt cringe-worthy and uncomfortable throughout the whole time because of the content that seemed to be forced to create emotion.
1,I enjoyed it It's a movie that's worth 10 points
6,Look at the ratings for men and women. I've never seen that much difference
1,a far-fetched and unrealistic development
1,It's not fun.
1,I really didn't like the rating
5,I don't know... Middle and high school students? It's boring and jjamppong...
4,I wasn't very impressed
1,Combining fantasy with everyday life is hard to impress. The dead aren't Jesus. How do you come back alive?Fantasy should release a baby only in the fantasy world.
1,Beautiful. The heroine is so lovely. But this doesn't seem to be a rating. Boredom and impracticality didn't hit me. The second half of the eight points seems appropriate
1,It's so obvious and unlikely. a film with an ending
1,I don't have a consensus. Just pure love. That's all. Why are you dragging your feet? It's like a fairy tale where the hell is sad. I'm cringing my hands and feet and feet
5,Haha
3,I only sigh throughout the movie
6,What scene should I be sad about? It was hard to get into the emotion because of the childish development.
4,I don't know. The book is much better. It's just a little boring. The movie Pride and Prejudice is much better...
5,It's the charm of a movie that's in full bloom at the end...If only I could be by your side...But the first part is really boring
1,It's a bit high
1,It's too high.
1,I almost got dry eyes while watching a movie. Wow... I saw it because I wanted to be deeply sad because I heard that the rating is high and sad... Where did the person who cried so much after watching this movie? Ah... I really... It wasn't sad. It's just a beautiful love.yes
1,It was the worst movie I've ever seen
6,Am I the only one who feels that the story is a little simple? Isn't the fantasy element too improbable. What kind of nonsense time slip are you trying to make up a story of reality? The story of the monologue part of the wife's diary in the second half is like an ordinary youth romance that I've seen everywhere.
2,I don't know why I admire this movie.
5,the home of the Japanese version of the legend
5,One of the trite Japanese melodrama was "movie."
1,The sunflower is pretty
5,Just a calm movie. It's a movie that's not good enough to cry.
5,I don't feel anything at all.
5,I don't like it.
6,I'm a high school student but I don't cry because I'm old. I usually cry well
5,Let alone tears... I was ready to cry.
3,What is it? It's not sad. It's "Extraordinary Performance" and a movie
6,It's like a fairy tale. It's like a cartoon. I don't really...
1,I really like melodrama. I'm proud that books are better. I can't get zero points
1,What kind of story falls into fantasy?
6,I don't like it. Some touching movies are a drag; I'm the problem
4,boolean flag=true while(true) {mio}
3,It's a pretty movie. It doesn't suit me.
1,I trusted the ratings and I almost turned it off because it was frustrating. Boring + acting by actors is so frustrating
6,Time to endure for the last...
1,It's 2 points
2,It's been a while since I found a sad movie because I wanted to cry. It's a fantasy. It's a fantasy genre
5,The old Japanese melodrama...
4,What makes you cry?
1,9.24 is too much. It would have been nice if we could've added more sadness to the mother-child relationship
1,That's not good. What kind of panda is it is
1,Let's not recommend this movie as a sad movie!
2,4.2 Why is this so high?Why is this obvious story 9 points?Where is the emotion?
1,What's so funny about this? OOO actor OO has a new meal
1,Ah-- The only music that comes to mind when I see this is "I didn't cry."LOL
2,Is it a supernatural phenomenon?
1,It's all personal preference
6,I have to say that this high rating wasn't my cup of tea
1,I don't know
1,I don't understand why it's 9 points
1,I don't think so.
3,I don't think I'm emotionally dry. It's so boring
1,It's a piece that's too good to give a rating of 1 point!It's a ridiculous story.I'm not impressed at all.
6,It's not fun at all.
1,I... I don't know.
6,I didn't feel much moved... The story is so unrealistic that I'm touched.
5,Childish.
6,fairy tales But I think the rating is too high
5,I don't like it...
1,The worst movie in my life! I was tricked by the rating ;;
2,It's no different from a romantic comic book that stimulates women's emotions.
1,Boring movie with obvious story and forced emotion
1,traitor
3,Why am I bored.................I watch it in the middle and end up feeling impatient........;;
2,It wasn't as good as the book's toenails. It was so boring
4,A movie that didn't work for me...Kikujiro's summer was really good...
6,It was just so-so.T
3,It's a movie that I watched with a rating... ...and I'm not impressed.It wasn't even fun.
1,what.
1,Oh... I
1,It's not sad at all
5,I fell asleep while watching it. It's touching but very boring
3,What is this? There's no twist. I'm not touched
1,No comment
1,I'm going to grade it now. I'm so touched
6,It was just so-so
1,It's definitely not a movie that deserves this much rating.
1,I couldn't concentrate on the movie because of the heroine's nostrils.
2,I got angry the whole time I watched it.It doesn't match a dog's poo with a beauty.
1,It's different for each person. I've seen him three times. It's really...
6,It is typical of Japanese movies where only the video is pretty and the story is contrived. Male actors are miscasting
6,I can't be the only one fooledIt's 10 points
6,Hm... I guess you were looking forward to it too much. I don't think it's a movie that'll make you cry.
1,Mis-casting...Actor... When Yuko was in high school...This really doesn't match...
1,The rating is too high.
1,It's cliche. It's cliche.
1,The rating is this high.
6,Beautiful movie... But it's so absurd.
6,Japanese dramas... Why? Why? The ending is this long. The aesthetics of the swings that wear down the smile.
2,a waste of time reporting
3,Japan is frustrating
1,They say it's the best when it comes to unrealistic content
6,That's so touching. It's a bit far-fetched.
1,It was boring for 1 hour and 30 minutes and it was fun. 9.2 is not good
6,I don't think it'll be awkward to edit it again in 15 minutes It's not a good idea. It's a good title
1,Am I not sentimental? I was bored the whole time watching.Life is beautiful.Not even a hundredth of a hundredth...
5,There's nothing to eat at the famous feastI think you should think it's a difference in taste. I like the whole atmosphere
4,Drama is more sad than movie. It's much more touching
1,OO... Are you kidding me? It's not fun at all
1,She's not as pretty as you think. I'm not touched
3,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it... It's not that great. It's my personal opinion.
1,거 Bubbles --
1,Is this fun?
5,It's just something to watch...
5,It's not as good as I thought.It's not touching. It's a bit far-fetched. I can't relate to it. It's
1,I'm not a romantic
1,Rather watch a drama than a movie. That's all I can say...
5,I was just sick of it
1,Oh... I was fooled.
1,What a waste of a star! A man is going to cry! The ending is funny. I thought it was OOO
2,It's just a little by little.I can't even cry
4,I don't understand other people's ten points It's a waste of 2 points for a boring love story.
1,No.
3,It was childish enough to interrupt my immersion in the movie
2,This kind of forced setting... That's boring!
2,It was not as fun or touching as NAVER's rating
1,be not very interesting
2,There was no fun and no emotion.
1,Japanese movies are worse than TV dramas.  Every time a woman or a man dies.
1,a cheap movie
5,Fairytale fantasy - childish - for killing time
5,I worked hard to make it. a very wholesome fairy tale
5,It's just a medium movie for me
1,How does this mean 9.2? Kikujiro is much better
4,It's as fun as the average score.
1,Boring... ...it's a fraud to have such a high rating.
1,What a waste of money! Why is this 9.2? No way
1,It's a mess! Get real!
1,How can a movie like this get such a high rating? It was the worst movie in my life.
1,The ending is a bit...
1,cheer + shout out love + letter + October love in the center of the world
1,I'm sleepy. The last one is fun. Jump to the future
5,for failing to bring to life the beauty of a novel The most important scene is getting cut off because of the 12 year old
1,Boredom
6,It's just... Is Japanese movie time? It was just like that.
6,I don't cry that much. It's just heart-hearted
6,An example of mutual assistance between the original and the remake.
1,Strange. Why am I so sad when I go to the boy heaven?I was tricked by the rating
6,You can't do male acting. He's about to get angry
6,A calm movie...
6,How is this movie 9.19? But I love you. The song of the sun is sadder
1,It's so unrealistic...There's this boring side to it's
1,It's not that... It didn't hit me
1,Oops... It's just annoying.
1,It's not fun
3,I don't like Japanese movies. I'm bored. I'm sleepy
1,The most ridiculously rated movie after the Untold Secret
1,A movie you'll never understand --
1,You must be brainy to understand a movie
1,It's just that kind of movie
5,I didn't like it-- why is it so rated high? So it's salty.
5,I don't think this movie is that touching;[I think so far]
6,It's just a romance that doesn't make sense
1,seem to have put something together
1,a poor job compared to an unspeakable secret
5,It's a movie dedicated to Homo and women and first-timers. I'm getting annoyed by the love story of Golbin.
4,a grossly exaggerated rating... This is fun and touching? What is it?
1,It's a bit far fetched
5,The delusion of a bald widower
1,a waste of time
1,This is the phantom paper;
2,It wasn't good
1,I'm seriously going to round this up on Volva
2,The story is too obvious and the reality is severely lacking.I'm bored. I don't personally recommend it ^^;
1,The rating is too high. The movie itself is artificial. Have you seen it before?
5,I'm bored because I watched it with high expectations.
4,I don't know if I'm weird... It wasn't that sad
6,It's just a Japanese movie.
5,The highest score for non-artificial scenery and images. Less is given compared to the setting.
1,Which part should I cry?
1,It's such a boring topic...
5,All I can see is a pretty strange twist and a cute Yuji.
1,It doesn't suit me -_-..with a thud
4,Looking at the secret that I can't tell and looking at this. I don't know what it is.
1,Where should I cry?
5,I'm disappointed.
1,I don't know why all Japanese melodrama movies are like that.
1,It wasn't enough to be the best.
1,Is this really a sad?It is my first time to watch a sad movie with a smile.
1,typical composition of Japanese films
1,The secret that I can't tell you honestly is much more touching.
1,It doesn't look good on me
6,an unusual movie
1,have no substance
1,I just want to give you one point. It's boring
1,Well........by the way...............................................
1,It's a movie that makes people who give perfect score!
1,It's a sleeping pill. It's a movie
1,the worst
6,I don't understand 10 points in a row. I trusted the rating and watched it. Regret...
1,This rating is not correct. Isn't that a bit far-fetched?
6,It's a movie with a good story. It's calm and has a twist.
6,What do you mean?
5,I saw it without difficulty.
6,The movie that I showed you as much as I thought...It's not that...
5,It's not a movie that will get 9 points... I don't understand why the rating is so high.
6,It wasn't that sad and the twist was weak and normal ^^
4,I don't know.
1,fight on one's own
1,OOO flag
5,I saw it today...A movie that doesn't make me cry at all.Did I flip it too much?
1,I slept because it wasn't fun
1,I like all the stories but the Japanese ones
6,It's kind of pathetic
2,I'm bored and it's not that fun... I think the secret that I can't tell you is the best!!!!!
1,Argh! I'm bored!
4,I don't know what I saw that touched my heart.
1,Boredom
1,I'm getting cursed at
1,I'm going to curse right now
1,Just.
1,Not as much as I heard
1,Ugh... I am OOO. I have nothing to say
1,Is it jjamppong?
1,FANTASY who made various movies
1,What's this?
1,Let's not give any movie or 10 points. 8.5 is a good movie.
1,..there were so many things that didn't make sense
1,an incomprehensible movie compared to the genre
1,Good. I'm so touched
1,It's a very interesting movie
1,The best movie that touches your heart
1,a good movie
1,It's a ridiculous movie with a lot of parts that don't fit the genre
1,Ratings. I don't understand...-0-
1,I agree with that
1,A movie with too many nonsense elements for its genre;;
1,I wasn't touched at all
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I personally don't like it
1,It's fun. 10 points. But it's a Japanese movie
1,retribution for one's favor
1,There's no denying that there's a bit of an overstatement.
1,Please watch it a lot!K
1,a rating carover
3,It was worth watching
1,I don't know if it's because of the high expectations
3,I wasn't impressed.
1,Not good.
2,A movie that doesn't touch me
1,a typical trash can
1,Don't crawl out of the dog movie
6,I saw it right after I saw the secret that I couldn't tell you.This is... weak.
6,I don't know if it's because I saw a secret that I can't tell...Take out the second half of 5 minutes and go to sleep...Well.
1,An overrated movie. be no better than October'same as October
6,I'm a little touched
1,It's not... The rating is too high. Is it everything if the movie is beautiful?
6,I don't know what's so touching and the best
5,I fell asleep while watching it. It's a shame that I drew such sentimental love. movie-like love
1,It just doesn't make sense and the rain is blah blah blah
5,I can't act like a girl. But it's an obvious story. I don't recommend it to people who watched movies
5,Obvious content... -_-; But sunflower is pretty
1,a ridiculous movie
5,It's touching.
5,It's touching.
1,Good movie but 9.23 is too high
1,Can you give me zero stars?
1,It's kind of boring and not sad
1,What's sad? It's boring
1,It's not funny
3,It's boring because it's too calm
6,It's a movie about my first love.
1,not much
1,Disappointed... The unique awkwardness of Japan. Just make Enina
1,Boring and forcing fantasy to cry
4,The word "best" is from silent movies to the presentPlease tell me after watching so many movies.
1,I can tell you're imitating her.
1,It's just a Japanese movie
1,Why is the rating so high?It's sadder to keep secrets that I can't tell you
1,The first movie I watched this year...The ending was predictable just by looking at the setting.What a disappointment.
1,I slept...
5,I like the freshness of twisting the ending that seems obvious
6,Can someone tell me what's sad?;; What for? It's so annoying
5,It's not that...
6,Like I saw a butterfly effect -_-
1,I also think about 8 points is appropriate.
1,This isn't right I don't know what it's about at the end... He's so calm
5,It was boring. It wasn't touching. I just think that the female protagonist is pretty.
1,Are you kidding me?
5,It's like a Japanese movie. The director thought about it and made it
2,It's not fun. What's this?
6,The rating is too high... It's fun.
5,a mysterious film with no good reason for its high rating
5,It was boring in the middle and the content was too childish.
4,What's so beautiful about this?
3,The rating is too high for the movie...
4,--;; It's not some kind of fairy tale.Why is his acting so unnatural?
1,It's not very
5,It's not so sad.
6,I guess my expectations were too high
4,I was disappointed when I saw it because the score was good."Love Novel" (starring Tomaki Hiroshi) is the best melodrama
1,I don't know what's touching.--;; Boring. Boring.Unexpected loss... The end?
1,The movie that I watched boringly... But I like the OST.
6,This is the style of the original writer
6,I was sad
5,This is why I can't believe the netizens' score
4,You're so sentimental. The staff went overboard trying to make us cry. intrusive
1,I think it's a management painting when you pay for it at the theater.
1,The Cow House is One for a day.
1,Father Lee Tae-seok will save the Korean people.I wasted my precious two hours watching a movie like thisBe careful with the other hearts
1,The client's style is different. Non-Republican women.
1,56 billion won in sales
1,I've seen this before.
5,I didn't like it because I saw it when I was young.
1,I'm shocked that this movie has been a hit because of the show with the human apocalypse
1,I'm getting goosebumps. Real sexual assault...
1,What kind of bride is he? Isn't he Satan's bride?I only want the physical stuff
1,A true filial son takes care of his parents who raised him first.
1,an unobjective rating Material and genre The emotional impact is ridiculous.
1,I'll give you a point because the Christians are freaking out
1,It's a rating for Christians.It doesn't seem like a movie
2,Get out of white supremacy.
1,A man's life cannot be judged as a good movie
2,A documentary film about the late Father Lee Tae-seok. You did a lot of good things.
1,Helping the needy in Korea
1,It's not a movie... It's just a documentary. What kind of movie is this?
1,0 point. Why isn't it working?
1,Half of it?
1,The dead have no head
1,lol
1,Why are black people so hard to be moved by forcefully moved?
1,It's ridiculous
1,It's so big
1,He doesn't have any pride
1,He's got tears in his eyes
1,I'm crying like a dog
1,I was so sad that I didn't have loyalty.
1,He's got tears in his eyes
1,Black babies have no loyalty
1,Is this really a movie made for black people?That's too much to beat
1,a man who cries like a dog
1,I'm so touched
1,It's not funny
6,I want to see Father Lee Tae-seok again.
1,What the hell is this? It's Catholic
1,I can't feel it
1,It's nothing more than Catholic business
1,I'm so moved
1,It's just
1,Do you miss Father Lee Tae-seok?
1,It's too high.
1,Please be wise to distinguish between movie ratings and educational video materials.
1,a Catholic business
1,Hmm... A good movie
1,Time to take care of Africa and be in bad hands with Korea
1,not much
1,Boredom
1, as it is
2,Pfft... Pretentious touching
5,Producers who force tears and make other people's tears a spectacle -- distorting Father Lee Tae-seok's noble life
6,It's not as good as I thought. It doesn't mean Father Lee Tae-seok isn't as good as I thought. It's a low-key movie in terms of the movie itself. Forced tears are forced on the kids who miss him.
1,an example of a fake documentary
1,I don't like this kind of movie
1,A heaven of hard work
1,NAVER's rating for touching puffed rice... Let go of the annoying movie
1,Should movies and documentaries be tied together in one genre (2)
3,Should I tie the movie and documentary together in a genre?
2,I don't recommend it.That's right. That kind of documentary
1,It's a little
1,It's not a movie. Documentary like this is common
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
1,Is it the human theater version?
1,He's a great guy but I don't like that it became the best movie ever for that's
5,It feels like I'm watching a human theater
1,It's not that good
6,Touching! Touching! Touching! I respect.
1,The rating is too high for the story
1,I don't like it
1,I saw this
1,I'm the worst
1,Can't you give me zero points?
1,excellent resistance
1,It didn't suit my constitution
1,Rating adjustment
5,You're making people cry on purpose and making people cry cheap.
1,I think you guys like this kind of movie? Transformers are the best
1,It's not all movies because it's shown in theaters.
1,Touching movies have high ratings.
1,--;; I don't know. I don't know where it's touching.
5,What does it mean to them in the future to put a cross on a country with religious confrontation?
4,I wonder if it's a tribute movie.
1,It doesn't make sense that this movie is on the top of NAVER ranking
1,a movie that is only touching
5,It was touching
5,Father Lee Tae Seok!Sleep tight.T
1,OOO movies
1,I understand why this has a high rating. -_-
5,The main character is respectful
1,개 개 Little trash
1,Just a sad movie is not good
1,It wasn't like a movie It's a shame there's no fun or lesson
1,I don't
1,I slept. -_-; sorry
4,It's just a documentary?
1,It's not fun at all. It's a documentary
6,I think it's better to make a movie based on a true story. I don't think documentary is a movie.
1,It's not even a movie. Stop saying that you were touched
1,His great life is ten points
6,He deserves respect...But the movie
4,Blaming my plate for not being able to see the holy sacrifice and the spirit of service.
1,It's not fun
1,It's not fun
1,Just a common TV documentary.
3,Why is this...
1,I don't like documentaries
1,...Let's grade the movie itself
1,I'm not sure
6,A movie that's too difficult for me
1,What is it?
1,Is it a documentary?
1,That's not fun.
2,.....this movie is 0 point for documentary and 0 point for movie
1,I can't watch this
1,It's not fun.
1,moving
1,moving
1,I was touched but I think NAVER's rating is going the wrong way
1,What's this?I'm a musician
1,I was watching this and it came out because it wasn't fun.What a waste of my money.Six o'clock is like my hometown.--
1,It was really impressive. The best!
1,For fun
1,I can't watch it because it's so pathetic
6,hi
1,I was forced to show it to you at school
1,Father Lee Tae-seok is amazing. He's ranked 1st but he seems like a character
1,What's wrong with the rating?
6,Let's not connect the ratings of the movie with Father Lee Tae Seok's emotions
1,Did people give ratings as a movie?
1,Elementary students are crazy
1,The documentary is number one in the ratings...
1,It's too high.
1,the dignity of black people
6,I think I used too much part-time work
1,I don't understand
1,It's too high.
1,Say ho~
1,The rating is too high. So I'm going to lower it's
1,Oh my god
6,The priest is a wonderful man. But it was a documentary that didn't make good use of the material.
1,It's a poor production as a movie.
1,I didn't feel that touched.
1,Why was I sleeping?
1,It's useless. It's just a high rating. LOL The poster is so annoying lol
1,Good. I'm not the only one who loses money
1,Just.
1,Not my favorite genre.The KBS broadcast itself is also disappointing.I'll give you another SF foreign currency
1,It doesn't fit my style
1,What kind of movie is this?
1,I turned it off cursing more than 20 minutes. I'm bored. 18
1,I don't think it's touching
1,Too high score for content
1,The image quality was... ...not good.
3,Why are you looking at this?
6,Good overall composition but poor completion.Impressed by Tonj's good account of the situation.
6,Holiness and perfection are one thing
1,I'm a little sad.
4,Distinguish between a good character and a bad documentary. Movies are the worst.
1,That's a high rating
1,It's just...
2,I'm so sleepy
3,a movie that is not very touching
1,This is not very good.
2,It was really hard to see...
4,Friday or Saturday evening documentary would have been great.I don't think it's a movie
1,The movie is a bit... Isn't it a documentary?Hah!
1,not much
1,Oh my god
1,It's just a documentary
1,not much
1,a moving movie
1,I'm so touched. crying
4,I've seen so many documentaries. This is just a touching documentary.^
1,It was so touching It was the best.
1,Taking off jamming
6,From school to group...ᄀOf course
1,Please
1,I'd rather watch the Thunderleven movie version at school
1,Why do I sit still?
5,Christianity is to blame for the film's rating of the opposite of nine
1,Is it because I don't like this kind of thing because I'm still in the 9th grade?
1,It's not good
2,The most boring movie I've ever seen. I cried because it was a waste of money
5,It's below my expectations...
1,Sobbing
1,Sobbing
1,Um... I was looking forward to it too much... My name is less interesting than a kansai idiot.
1,Worst movie ever... I thought you bought a video camera in the country and filmed it individually.
1,1 point for the Shawshank escape team
1,Applies to Shawshank Escape
1,Don't mention it
1,There's no objectivity I'd rather watch Ben-Hur a hundred times
1,It's so boring
1,a documentary film less interesting than the sound of a wannabe
1,Eva!
1,Stomach
1,Let's lower the rating
1,You're kidding me. You're such a con artist
1,It's... It's...Better than a jerk?I don't think so...
1,I didn't have a moving feeling
1,Just watch TV. The content of the documentary is very good.But it's not the theater version.
1,It's too high
5,Go to the theater and watch KBS specials
2,That great life...It's a pity that it can only be seen as a graduation work like this...
1,I'm really not nervous
1,Phew...
5,Bored... I don't know why it's a masterpiece
2,I watched it twice... What's the best? I watched it several times because I was sleepy in the second half.
6,Why don't you kill the Joker till the end? There is not enough justification for Batman to play the villain. The ultimate hero game for forced emotion.Forget the philosophy of the hero.I'm tired of playing fair. The death of a cheating year is not immersive. She's right. It's not a waste of money.The action is worth watching.
2,A film that is nothing more than a b-rated crime action under the guise of Batman. Would it have been possible without the Heath Ledger death buff? Hans Zimmer's OST is 90 percent over. the unanswered endless praise of the unanswered when asked what was so great How can the hero genre act so poorly? A movie that Green Lantern will laugh about
2,I was tired the whole time The weight-bearing batsman and...
6,An overrated hero
1,No fun. No fun
1,The worst Batman series ever
1,I can't believe a movie like this scored 10 points It was childish and boring all the time
1,I want to give you 11 points
6,These helpless batsmen and cops... What is the difference from the many police officers in Korea who failed to beat only one Lee Chun-jae?
2,It's a surprise Ryan-style big bubble movie that audiences are saying it should look cool
4,My face is so gross that I almost threw up while eating
1,Dog Bubble Movie Surprised Movie Is About To Break Out
1,It's a movie that's not funny and has a long run. The only film I can't understand why there's so much praise and acclaim.
1,I don't like the action of the greatest bubble movie. I just threw a coin and it ended
2,I just don't know why this has a good rating.It's such a boring movie.
6,It's true that it's a movie that's too long and it's not a movie to watch twice
6,Joker is so good at acting
1,I was bored and boring
1,For rating adjustment 123456
6,It's just frustrating.
1,Hollywood's top five overrated movies. Godfather-The Lord of the Rings-Matrix-Leon-
6,It's sad that I can't see Heath Ledger anymore
1,That's not funny. You're overreacting
1,It's not funny. I don't even know what you're talking about
3,The twist should be contextual.What's the unexpected twist?The audience needs to be fooled naturally.You can't fool the audience into making a scene.The message delivery...
1,I can't believe you made this OOO movie
1,Critics--- You've reached the level of God and art? The dog stuck up.
1,Let's go for 1 point!
1,Hehehehehehehehehehehe
1,This is my desire to give 11 points. It's not 1 point. First place in my heart ^^*
1,It is boring and boring.
1,The worst Joker act ever
1,It's normal. Looking forward to it
1,It's not fun. So no
1,The ratings are so high that it's not fun even if I watch it two or three times
1,I wonder what the number one score means
1,I think it's the best movie in the world
1,What's the difference since it was re-released?
3,24267688345 was too long and I took a nap
1,I'm a fan of Heath Ledger. Don't try to rerun past masterpieces and stop monopolizing the latest movies.
1,Re-release twice. It's over-release
1,It's not fun at all. Why is it spring? What a waste of money
1,The worst Batman of all time...
1,a movie with a score of 100 out of 10
1,Why are you so sleepy?
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
1,Big Brother Wind is deeply rooted in more than 10 fractional Fausts
1,I think I watched the most boring movie after Interstellar 8 times
1,I am angry that DC is no longer making this masterpiece
1,I watched it at the movie theater. The story It's too dark.  My score is... I'll give you one point^^
1,I'm from the rating committee
1,The movie is best illustrated by the extreme evaluation from the lack of knowledge due to the Korean people's cinematic bias.
2,I want to lower the rating
1,an entertaining commercial film of heroism
1,- The heroine is really... - She's so distracting
1,-- It's childish and boring
1,I'm bored.It's like a documentary. Where did all the production costs go? The review written by a person named Internet Chamboong is correct.
1,More than 10 letters...
1,It's a cliche to throw a tie
3,Nolan is a true 8th grader in Hollywood
1,Joker's performance was impressive. That was all. The rating is so high that I have 1 point left.
1,This one point is not a boring one pointAnd Joker is the biggest villain after Macarov
1,I want to give 11 points instead of 1
1,It's reckless of you to challenge the Tim Burton/Jack Nicholson combination
1,a classic hero's
1,Go down. It's not your place
1,Not as impressed by the Joker as his fame. I slept well
5,I don't know if it's that funny.
6,an overpacked flat hero
1,No fun. My husband keeps asking me to see him
1,I felt that the coach's bluff was great throughout the movie.
1,Inception and this. Director Lee's is not funny Is it because the reviews are so good that I'm looking forward to it? And why is the movie that was not invited to the world's top three film festivals so popular in Korea?
1,a battle between two interested servants with psychopaths and heroism
1,The king has donkey ears
1,I thought a surprised director's movie would be fun
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
3,Ugh... Time's up
1,A score that makes you realize the importance of 1 vote. That's a good move
1,a psychopathic movie
1,The only thing I remember is Heath Ledger's acting. This kind of story can be made by children -_-
3,I can't believe a gang leader with tens of millions of dollars was exterminated by four sheep hachi in a shabby billiard room
2,It's not fun. It's boring. Two thanks to Heath Ledger
6,Heath Ledger is a good actor. Too bad
1,Rating. Too omnipotent. A movie with 8 points
1,It's so much fun. "Dark
1,Now you're using a lot of methods for rating part- Now they're leaving comments while opening up the opposite page. It's hard to even look behind the comments. Who are you looking at?
1,I'm going to take out the foam!
1,Rating adjustment
5,the peak of a complete bubble
1,A masterpiece aimed at the unlikable public Learn from Nolan how to hunt the majority of the best prey with no brains or sensibilities The movie is doomed if you play with Nolan
1,It's not fun. Is this fun?
2,You can't see this. You have to get a bladder surgery
4,a foaming monster
1,It's a zero point movie. S B
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much...
1,the condition of being like a heroine
5,Begins is the best
6,Six points
4,It's just
1,It's a dirty trick that shows what real trash is
6,The gloomy atmosphere seems to dampen the sense of urgency. It was just like that.
1,A common hero movie... The high evaluation is too much...
5,Don't force me to...
1,This is it. 8 points is enough
5,an absolute bubble
1,He has a lot on his mind.The lesson that HITOMI shouldn't be a hero is... a hero like milk...
1,Nothing more. Nothing less
3,a film with only Heath Ledger acting
6,Is it because I am not interested in action movies? I don't think it was fun.
5,It's not fun to be childish and clumsy.
1,It smells bad
1,The hero myth of a rich young man
5,An amazing movie that turned my expectations upside down. But it's corny.
1,Why is it so high?
1,I should've ended up with Begins. Dark Knight is a piece of crap
1,A white knight kills a man because his girlfriend is dead. Batman is falsely accused again. OOO flag story
5,I think it's because the reviews are good but it doesn't suit my taste...It's not that great
1,If it wasn't that fun...It's not my personal.
4,I don't... What's wrong with the rating?
6,I don't know why the reviews are so good.The content is obvious and the attractions and messages are normal.
6,What if it weren't for Heath Ledger? Let's see...
6,Disappointing compared to Begins. Bale also covers his face too much. =(
3,I didn't think it was my cup of tea.What was it about?
5,It's so boring It's fun only when the joker comes out to see the end of the boredom
6,A cool movie. But it's kind of boring Surprised director doesn't even acknowledge that it's the best work
1,It's crazy
1,Why is this fun? It's 1 reggae
1,I don't know what's funny about this.I don't understand
6,Children's movies
1,Philosophy is so popular because there are so many explosions
6,It's very boring...
4,It's a movie that wasn't fun for me. I wonder if you'll hear my part-time job -_-;
1,a poor work overrated by the crowd's mentality of masterpieces
5,Why am I sleepy after watching three movies?
1,The director is a genius. It's not easy to make it like this. Is this also a movie?
1,It wasn't as good as I expected
5,There was nothing to eat at the famous party.
1,Begins' lack of anguish...There's nothing too deified about Heath Ledger. Boredom.
1,I don't like it.
2,Maybe it's because she's a girl.I was just watching it in the movie theater.
5,Let's try again!
5,I don't really understand the content.The action was good.
1,It's so much fun that I'm going crazy...^^ : )
3,It's like watching a 150 minute trailer.
6,Somehow
1,It's so much fun. Joker is the best!
1,I've been sick and tired of seeing you on OCN
6,The latter part is a bit disappointing
1,Your rating is too generous. I'm asking for a rating down.
1,I went to the theater and I was so bored that I thought I was going to die.
6,A new series that lost the feeling of the original
1,It wasn't my cup of tea.I didn't think it was funny
1,a rubbish movie
1,I'm just gonna watch black and white people come out and shoot.
6,Running time is too boring for me
1,I thought I was going to die because I trusted the ratings and watched it. I never saw a movie like this again because of the long running time
1,I was bored because I didn't know Batman dust.
1,It's really fun
1,It's a boring movie compared to the previous one.
1,It didn't meet my expectations. an elusive movie
3,There is nothing to eat at the famous party
2,Action heroes don't have a whole genre.
5,name value
3,OO GPA LOLHow can this movie be so calm because of Heath Ledger? LOL
1,A really bubbly movie. Is there a movie that has a bigger bubble than this?
6,I slept for the first time after the movie.
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
6,I'm sure he's got great workmanship and acting skills. But Joker's short story has so many one-size-fits-all lines
1,Biggest underachiever with Avatar. This kind of movie needs to be eliminated quickly. All I can do is laugh.
1,I really fell for OOO movie rating --no fun at all fun
1,It's not funny
1,Rating adjustment
5,I trusted the score and failed...This isn't fun. It feels like the story is going around.a half-baked movie
4,I watched it because of the Joker. The story is endless
1,Hmm... The rating is too high for other masterpieces. That's why I need to cut it.
3,The Joker came out so omnisciently omniscient that it became a completely shoddy cartoon.
5,It's not Batman and it's not too big apart from the original
1,It's not funny
6,There was quite a bit of a lack of probability. Six points
1,Every scene is so boring
5,Ours is a good thing!
2,Netizen rating. I can'
1,The greatest bubble movie ever. The tremendous hype and bubble that Heath Ledger's death has produced
1,That was the least fun Batman's series.
1,A movie that was a waste of money after watching it at the theater... Not funny
1,It's higher than I thought
2,A very boring movie...
1,You said you shouldn't trust NAVER's ratings... I can't believe a movie like this is in the 9th grade
6,There was nothing special
1,It's really boring
1,It's really bubbly. I didn't think it was that funny
5,I watched it three times in the theater and it was boring I was wondering why it wasn't fun.I saw it. Phew
5,More than I expected...There are also times when running time is long and loose.Heath Ledger's one-man show...
1,I was fooled by the rating. Not this level
6,I'm bored
6,It's just that kind of movie. I didn't like the action either
1,sedfdgfgh
1,It's so boring and so boring
1,I watched it on TV when I was young. Wasn't it BAE HAN SUNG?
6,Although the dramatic structure of the confrontation between the two was interesting.
1,I can't forgive you for drawing Mozart so shallowly.
2,Are all the best posts part-timers? I haven't even opened it yet
2,It's a endurance test K
1,A movie that doesn't suit my taste
1,Mozart's music was good but boring
1,You're wrong
5,I think it's all right
3,It was a bit boring and Mozart's character was not attractive
6,It's very boring...Am I the only one who felt that way?
1,NAVER was the heaven of part-time jobs
6,I don't know if it's fun
1,What is this?
1,not much
1,I don't like it
1,Just.
1,I'm really sleepy
4,Boring movie. Plain movie with no fun and no emotion
3,It wasn't that funny.
6,a movie that musicians will like
4,It seems to have distorted Mozart the most.
1,Don't look
1,What? Is this the highest score? Avatar is the truth
6,A movie that's worth watching...
1,I don't recommend it
6,Raise your hand if you watched it because you wanted to play it during school music class!
1,It's so much fun that I skip 157 minutes. 59 seconds is staring
1,It's so boring
2,Flying over the cuckoo column.Salier? I just stopped her from spoiling
6,I was a little tired of it
1,Erotic
4,The sadness of putting the best ingredients into instant ramen.
2,It's not fun. It's a sleeping pill if you don't want to see music majors
5,It's not a true story. It's a guess. Is this all you can make with Mozart?I don't feel anything
6,Why is Western music so unattractive...
6,A movie that only remembers Mozart's laughter
2,Mozart was killed by Freemasons... The end is a lie!
1,1 point for dozing off
1,A movie that is expected to be in the future;
1,I'm sick of it
6,I don't think it's a movie that doesn't need words.
1,It's really not funny or touching
2,How uncomfortable and unpleasant you felt while watching the movie
1,That's not fun.
5,i.- I really wanted to watch it.But I didn't know my standards would drop like this
5,It wasn't good
1,This isn't a movie or a musical
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's a war.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,I don't think it's an immortal masterpiece.
5,Was I weird? All I remember is Mozart who is crazy.
1,Not really. A movie that's way below the mark
2,exaggeration admiration that is indispensable to the life story of a geniusAll that remains is achievement.
1,It's not that...
1,Am I from another planet?It wasn't fun.
1,be of little importance
2,Just kidding
5,It wasn't as good as I expected
6,The music was great.
6,It's not fun. It's boring and the song is cool
1,It's hard. So I don't like it
1,The Best Reggie Movie
6,Just... interest in Mozart's death... This much?
3,The first movie I slept in the theater
3,Did I have high expectations? I was sleepy. I thought I was going to die.
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
6,Mozart is pretty. And it's boring.
1,A movie that you want to set the screen on fire if you watched it at a theater!
1,It's a pretty good movie.
1,That's too much of a bubble
1,This is
1,Monsters are the best. Movies like this
1,Is it too much for an elementary student to see...It's so hard...
1,This is the top 100 movie
1,I was shocked when I was young
6,a movie that has become too famous for a movie
1,It's so much fun. Terminator 2 is more fun lol
3,It's not really funny to say. What's the interesting point of being funny?
1,The rating is too high.
1,It's just a comedy
1,I don't really...
1,There's someone who's cutting down on other movies to make this movie number one.
1,Compared to an immortal lover?
1,a boring movie
1,below expectations
1,It's not that...
6,Somehow
2,I'm bored
6,It shouldn't be number one and it's not worth it.
1,Sleeping pill
4,It's not funny
1,I'm Beethoven's dad
1,An artist's life story...
1,I don't know
1,Boring
1,It was boring. Salieri is an amazing person.
1,How can I see that?
1,How can I see it? It's not working?
6,Why is the rating so high?
6,Is it the father-son battle or the father-son battle?
1,I didn't find this funny
2,I need to adjust the rating. Let's go up to 8.5
1,What makes Billy feel selfish is that I'm living in such a barren society?
1,Country. Country. Country.High. Home. Country.home
1,A move that shows the light of a boring young child
5,A movie that's fun without gay people
1,a strangely overrated movie
1,It was boring and boring.
1,Good content but less immersive
5,Scottish sentiments seem to be very different from ours.   It is a movie about a boy's life who goes beyond his disadvantaged family and professional prejudice to his dream.
6,Who can easily water the sprouts blooming in a coal mine? I can understand my father's heart 100%
5,That's not funny.The chorus is much better.
1,It's too high
1,Is this a grown-up movie or an overseas R? What the hell is gaver doing?
6,I was tricked by a rating. Why isn't the screen changing?
6,It's boring. I think the movie is good
3,I don't understand why the ratings are so high. The movie's obvious story...
1,What's so funny about this? The ratings...LOL
1,It's boring
6,The power of editing! It's better not to look at the b-cuts
1,Sorry
5,He couldn't show the result of his efforts and ended it in a sloppy way
1,Maybe it's because I watched it five times. I'm so touched
3,I didn't like it. I don't think the main character's emotions were expressed well
5,I wasn't happy at all after watching this movie
5,Why is it so unnatural? It feels like the story is breaking up from time to time.
1,be dull and unimpressed
1,A movie that I didn't know where to feel touched
6,Why am I not so impressed?
6,It would have been nice if I saw it in 2001. It's kind of a cliche right now.
6,I don't know why I can't forget the last scene
6,Some memories of a growing boy.
6,--; It's boring
5,It's corny and so predictable that I'm not impressed. The ballet teacher's acting is so good.
4,It's trash.
1,It's really not fun. Boredom is a waste of time
3,The movie itself was too sloppy. I made a mistake in the content.
1,Let's be shy
1,I dozed off when I lowered the rating
1,It wasn't fun at the opening. I was wondering how much they would be criticized after watching it
5,It wasn't fun at all
1,It's really not fun. They say I don't turn it off more than movies. I hold it in until 30
1,I don't like it because it's really boring at first
1,What is this touching?
6,Whoops
1,It's not fun...
5,It's just a normal drama. a rating created by the Korean people's damn sensitivity
1,It's boring.
1,Not good but boring
2,I was tricked again today...Sobbing
1,It wasn't fun for me
6,Scenes from the middle... It's like...
1,It's not such a high rating. I'm trapped.
1,It's nothing...
1,....... It's not funny
5,Am I tired of war action movies?-_- I don't feel anything.
6,I looked at the ratings and it was boring;;
6,I'm a bit disappointed a moving piece of work
6,A movie that reminds us that children's creativity is more important than gifted education!
4,It's not as good than I expected.
6,Is it a movie that doesn't meet my expectations?
5,It's a lot more disappointing than I thought
6,A movie that falls short of expectations. I think I should go from the beginning of 8 to the end of 7
1,This is worth watching.
1,--disappointed
1,I guess I don't know how to watch a movie
1,I don't sleep well
1,It was boring
1,The worst movie in my life
2,No story. 2 hours lost in my life. Wash your feet and go to sleep
6,I watched and turned it off. It's boring to be touched or anything.
1,I only yawned after looking at the rating.
2,I'm very bored. I wanted to see his success to the end
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's boring and not funny at all.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
6,I fell asleep while watching it.crying
4,Billy's got a weird personality
2,It's not a good thing to get this rating
1,It wasn't fun for me
5,It's too bad.
6,It was worth watching. The ending was great.
1,I like everything about moving and lessonsBut it's so boring
3,8 points is just right. Is this a world-class masterpiece?
1,I'm from the rating committee The rating is too high!
1,It's so touching and beautiful. I admit it's...First place is...
1,It's Shawshank Pa. I'll lower the score.
1,He's so rude to an adult.Boring is the best DVD. Why did I buy it? My money!
1,I was bored.
6,It's fun.
1,This kind of movie is common in Korea.
6,It's kind of boring. Only Jamie Bell is cute
3,I don't really...
2,I didn't like it.
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
1,A rating of 9.25 is 100 times more fun for Horowitz
1,Don't be fooled. It's obvious.
6,I can't relate to the story
5,It's a little different from my emotions
6,I don't know why I didn't think it was funny.
1,It's touching. The story is not good enough
1,It's me on the bottom. Nice to meet you
1,I'm working on the 4th Adore
1,Hmm... NAVER movie ranking... I thought it was reliable.believed
1,Get lost
2,Why is the score so high?;;
1,Is this a movie? Go see the showshank first
1,It's just trash
1,It's so much fun. Titanic is more fun lol
5,The last one is annoying. The content is normal
1,The rating is too high.About 9.0 points?
1,The rating is too high.About 9.0 points?
1,The rating is too high. And I don't understand 12 year olds.
1,I don't like it.
1,a yawning movie
1,Boring.
3,I was fooled by the rating. But it's still touching.Three points
1,I was fooled by the rating...It's really boring
6,I was fooled by NAVER's rating~~
5,I think he skipped it
1,a sleeping pill-like movie
6,6 to 6.5 points for my taste
1,not much
1,not much
1,I guess I don't either.
2,Homosexuality...
1,I don't like gay kids.
1,I don't like England
1,It's not my cup of tea.
1,How touching!
5,I was disappointed because I had high expectations.
1,I dozed off
6,..below expectations
1,It's trash
1,a ridiculous 'fun' movie
1,Feel dizzy.
6,I don't really know.
6,Why don't humans know where to go?
1,Confucian Taliban + dog reading = No fun
4,It is criticizing the 21st century style of columnar style for the political turmoil of the dynasty. And the awkward humor in the face of the downfall is annoying. Black and white was just to save money.
5,Hmm... I don't know. I just...
5,It's like... It's kind of course.
6,deal with Jeong Yak-jeon and the times like ink-and-wash paintings that burn without a chroma
2,....typical bromance fantasy
6,The movie that you should watch with your heart
2,It's hard to see black and white. Register more than 10 characters except for the space
2,Everything is black and white
6,The in-depth scholar of fish was weaker than expected.
6,Changdae Diary is likely to be more depressing than Jasanbo.
3,Boring and boring. I don't like Seol Kyunggu
1,I smell it on my GPA.
5,Not funny
6,I want to go to Heuksando Island once. This is because I was curious about the last step of Jeong Yak-jeon.
6,It's just so-so
1,What makes a movie black and white? It was frustrating the whole time I watched it.Confucianism in China was not my favorite movie. A work that was very different from my taste.
1,I had an affair tonight
6,It saved a material that seemed to be boring at all. It is also good to stimulate the curiosity behind history.
6,I think you're talking about a country that doesn't care about its own people because they're chasing Chinese dreams.
4,I watched it at 1.5x speed because I was bored.
1,Why is it black and white? If not...
2,I've been getting a lot of news about the cancer of the pastor's church lately
6,I enjoyed it. I was so bored
6,Everyone has his own bluebird
1,Korean movies have 9 points. It's not that bad. I'm not satisfied with Seol Kyung-gu and Kim Yo-han's acting.
1,Sigh... Stop it. It's so touching
6,The images spread out in black and white looked calm and beautiful. I enjoyed watching it.
1,What's the book of fish? It's pathetic. You can say JASANUBO
1,I wish this kind of movie would stop coming out. That's too much
4,Out of place in the 21st century
1,You can just watch the Snowball movie on OCN in a few months
2,Don't ever watch this. It's not fun
6,A difficult and boring but meaningful movie...I want to give you 6.5 points.
6,be easy to see
2,I fell asleep while watching it.^♥?
4,I thought I could handle the book content of the modern society critical movie/title book
6,Just... Just... Just
6,The pros and cons are the opposite.
2,a trustworthy tongue twister
6,It's a historical drama. It's witty. Everything's appropriate
1,I don't like it.Huh.
6,The story was poor and boring.
1,It's an adventure to do a calm movie in black and white
6,a calm movie
6,It's like a movie that makes you feel the corruption that's repeated forever and ever in human history of a rotten country like 같은같은 썩어어 썩보다 썩
1,I'm bored. Should I go out or not?
4,I saw it with my friend. I almost lost contact with him
6,Will the dreams of the fallen come true?
1,I don't understand why it's black and white and the story itself is so poor. It's just a Korean emotional movie
6,Did Jeong Yakjeon also have long legs?
6,a movie that you watch without thinking
1,Stop black and white... That sounds fun
1,You have to follow the West
1,I don't see "Snow Kyung Gu."
1,It's been a while since I watched a movie and slept... Why is the rating so high?
1,Why is it black and white? I'd rather play black and white separately like a parasite.
1,Seol's acting is from there to there.
6,It feels like it's over.
1,A trustworthy Seolganggu movie!
6,It was a movie with a poor story.It's like learning history back then.
1,I wish it was the worst movie ever.
2,Just a typical Korean emotional movie. A character that doesn't touch much and isn't attractive. I feel frustrated because it's a black-and-white movie to give me something special.
1,There's not much to see
1,I was looking forward to the 3rd movie that came out after watching it.
1,It's not that great. The storyline is so simple and shallow. It ends without showing anything. I think it's around 5 points.
1,No fun lol Don't be fooled by your rating part-timer
2,Wow! I write reviews while watching movies. The main characters sit down and talk a lot. It ends when I go to catch fish two or three times and talk about boring things. It's not touching or fun
2,I slept in the middle. No fun.CINYL
1,It's so boring and boring.
6,The movie is very nice
5,Time to think about the end of life.
1,Corninoluni technological wealth.
1,Nicolai is one and the same.
1,I had dinner with the advertising money from the Nine Fever era.
1,Can't Bad Boys and Women Exploit Their Enthusiastic Environment
1,Just a one-act play on TV
1,I think the rating is overrated
4,There is nothing greater than confession.
1,The rating is too inflationary
1,Typical Korean Trash Movie
6,the dismal and rich performance of older actors
1,The rating is too high for adjustment
1,Perhaps it was relatively successful in bringing countless old people to the theater with a contrived character setting suitable for the story of Shin Pajo.
1,It's just... Just
1,It's fun even though I didn't watch it.
1,It's just boring  Totally.
1,I couldn't understand the movie and it wasn't realistic
1,Emotional crap movie...
1,a boring film
1,One point is a waste.I can't believe such a poor movie is in the 9th grade
1,Is this really fun?  I think it's a movie that's been overrated
1,What is it?
1,It's not fun to watch the trailer. It's rated higher than the New World. Are you giving senior citizens a lot of credit for appearing on the show?
1,The ratings are a bit impressive
1,It's not that fun...
1,Come on!
1,That's ridiculous
1,You need to roll up the foam
1,It's a ridiculous movie LOL
1,You're so ridiculous. What's this?
1,What's this?
1,Loyalty is more important than love.
1,Loyalty more beautiful than love
1,love
1,Haha
1,1 point because you're not loyal
1,1 point because there's no loyalty more important than love
1,have no sense of one's own
1,Do you know?
1,I'll be grand?
1,That's ridiculous
1,a disrespectful communist film
1,I won't say much. Loyalty!
1,a film full of love
1,Are you ignoring Bosung? Loyalty!
1,Loyalty over love
1,Why is love so important?
1,Loyalty comes before mere love.
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,He's no match for Jansu
1,NAVER's rating is unbelievable
1,a mediocre democracy
1,a great deal
1,There's no seniority in old age gap
1,1 point for lack of dignity. Marrying a girlfriend who was with her when it was difficult even if she suddenly made a lot of money. That's the man's rule
1,I heard that there's a left glue instead of course
1,Oyu of loyalty hates old people who are conservative old people The movie that only old people appear in is OUT
1,It's not fun at all
1,a poor film glorifying suicide
1,G and B
1,Not funny
2,This is...
1,A Typical Korean Emotional Movie
1,It's not fun
3,It's not that bad.
1,Lee Soonjae. 1 point because it's annoying to sell insurance with a big image of an adult.
1,But I can't save the original
1,Bubbles are bubbling
1,.......what are those who get 10 points when they're sad?
1,Boring emotional man
1,It's not this bad. About 8 points.
4,Don't look back after reading the cartoon
1,That's the worst!
1,Should it be this high?
1,The rating is too high.
6,I can't relate to the movie.I was really looking forward to it.
1,Isn't the ranking too high?
1,The obvious story itself
1,Well ...
1,Boring.
1,Rating too high
1,Ratings;;
1,I don't think I saved the original
1,I really don't think so. Personally
1,Ah... I think
1,I need to take care of my GPA This isn't right
1,Do you all work part-time?
1,an accessory to the fun
6,The story is obvious. The actors' acting skills saved the movie.
1,The directing skills
1,not much
3,Is it just me? I don't know the content from the beginning.
1,I don't know if my feelings are dry or--
1,Don't give me 10 points just because I cried. It's not fun
6,I couldn't concentrate on my emotions because I couldn't see Kim Soo-mi's easy-going appearance. I wonder if the laughter played a part...I know
4,I don't like it
1,an honor for those who live only a few days away
6,It's about romance that exists forever even in old age
1,I don't think it's good
1,It's not as good as the original
1,The rating bubble has been reformed... I feel like I'm being overrated because it's a Korean movie
5,an extremely sentimental and predictable film
1,The movie I thought was more boring than in the theater has a high rating.
1,Kim Jaechul is a parachute. Search for people and see their experiences
1,Can't help it if cartoons are better? lol
1,I strongly recommend a movie where you can feel both fun and emotion
5,Can't help it if cartoons are better? lol
5,a sad movie
1,A movie that the elderly watch
4,Is empathy proportional to emotion?
5,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it too much. It wasn't good.
1,A typical Korean movie.It's a movie that shows the end of mannerism
2,I was forced to watch it for about an hour...I was holding it in... I turned it off
4,This is the directing power that should only come out in human theater
5,It's just plain and cliche
6,A movie that faithfully translates webtoons
1,The rating is higher than I thought. 8.5 is just right
1,This is really useful...
1,It's not fun. I'm sleepy. It's conventional.
6,It was more disappointing than I thought.
1,Bubbles. Disappointment
1,There's no support... a rating bubble
1,forced tears
1,It's not up to my expectations.
6,Is it because I was so touched by the original? It was just plain.
1,Good
1,--- What?
1,Rating adjustment
1,Well.
1,Well.
1,Don't ever look at it... it's going to burst into tears.
1,Good
1,I love you.
1,jackpot
1,I love you.
6,a flat crop
2,I trusted the ratings. What's this?It's not fun at all Don't look
2,This is just right
1,Rating adjustment
1,a rubbish movie
1,Rating adjustment
1,Good
1,I don't know
1,rating adjustment
1,Is this true?
1,Touching movies have too high ratings.
1,I don't understand how this is being pouted with three idiots.
1,Why is this second place...?
2,1 point is too much
1,Why is this so high?
1,Boring than I thought
1,Those who don't know how to watch movies that give 10 points to Korean movies
1,I just don't want to give a rating. Why is it so high?
1,What's this?
1,Why is the rating so high -- it's not that funny
1,It's a movie that smells like old people.
6,It's just a calm movie.
5,Is it the power of part-time jobs? Korean movies are silent and silent
1,It's not that...
1,One-point part-timers can't trust domestic movies because of their quality of work
1,I don't know if I'm sleepy...It's not fun... I don't even know if it's sad
1,A movie that's worth a point
5,I guess my emotions are dry
1,Let's get a grade point
1,It's not a Korean movie. I'm embarrassed
1,It's sad but it doesn't seem like we won first place
5,"What did you do today?"" Do you know why I keep asking? But I liked the ending where we met again
1,Phew...
5,It was a movie that didn't cry much and was cliche
5,It was boring because it was a book.
1,It's touching. It's touching
1,I agree that 8 points is enough
1,8 points is enough
1,It's definitely not a movie with 9 pointsThis isn't--
6,Is it because I'm emotionally dry? The story and the production seemed too obvious
5,Kim Soo Mi acting was funny and I felt sorry for my grandmother and grandfather.
2,A movie worth watching once... but... You'll be disappointed if you watch it based on the ratings
1,This crazy... Shoshank has a higher rating than T2 and Titanic. Let's stop here
1,have a gentle touchWhy did this pretty grandmother go to her hometown?The rating is too high
4,The best score out of the original "Kangpool
1,It's not that...
5,Excessive glorification of immature love syndrome.
6,I guess I'm still not young enough to sympathize with your love
1,You're trying to force yourself to cry.I got 7.5 points.I need to cut it because the rating is too high
6,The rating is too high.--
1,OOO movies
1,That's too much
5,A drama that makes me think about my old age. It's definitely not in the 9-point range.
1,No matter how high the ranking is
6,It's not 10 points...
5,My heart aches for my parents rather than being moved by the story
1,Bored in obvious situations
6,Well...
1,a storm of tears
1,I'm getting a higher grade because I'm getting a higher grade. I don't like this
1,I think my score is too high
1,It's a movie that can give you 7 points. I'll give you 1 point for those who want to watch it
1,I don't think it's good
6,a film with a gentle touch
1,It's boring
1,Everyone's raising the score because it's too much.I don't know what?
1,I'm not that sad. I think the rating is too high
1,They're saying it's not funny.
6,I think the rating is a little exaggerated.
1,It's a waste of money if you don't say this
2,I'm upset that my old age will be like this. It's not fun
1,It's not 9.5. I wasn't sad at all I can't keep up with cartoons
1,Kim Sumi got 1 point because of Soy Sauce Marinated Crab
1,- Score 9.5... - That's ridiculous
1,Not funny
1,This is really not it
1,But it doesn't keep up with the times
1,There's a lot of part-time jobs; this kind of forced feeling is boring
1,The river grass is skate skate.
1,It's so boring. It's not touching. That's not good! What a waste of money!
1,Why not?
2,I really don't understand how the movie can get this rating
1,I don't think 1st place is good
1,It's recommended by Kang Pul Sikki.
1,Is this a movie with 9 points? Are you out of your mind? Or are they part-timers? a trash movie
1,It's just... yeah.
1,Don't push me too hard
6,A movie that I could relate to because I'm Korean... But?
4,I think it's the peak of forced tears and emotion. I didn't like it.
3,I was disappointed because I saw the book so well that I wanted you to reenact it
2,It's just... It's no different from a cartoon
5,I went there because I saw the original so sadly and the reviews were so good -_- I can't give you the impression of the original
1,I'm sorry............
1,Where is the touching part of the original...It's just something to watch
1,Well.
1,It's not as good as I expected.
6,I don't know. I don't like it. Others say it's heart-warming I don't like it.
6,There's no such thing as doing the original
1,I think about nine would be enough
3,Obvious content. Obvious background. Obvious lines. What a waste of time!
5,It's almost a documentary. And I don't think this is what a touching movie is like.
1,Well
1,The ratings don't guarantee it.
2,It was a movie worth going to the theater after the rating and covering it up
1,Seven points!
6,A movie that is less touching than the original
6,I would have dozed off if I saw you at home.a bit of a boreIt's the worst movie with 9 points or more.7 points are right
1,Not in Korea
1,not much
6,a bit of a forced feelingA little laugh and a gentle touch.I don't recommend it for the theater
1,With the love of old parents LOL
1,3/19 9.56 Exaggerated Ratings
1,It's not a movie that will get that much score
1,a highly exaggerated rating
1,Don't go overboard.
1,Don't watch it. It's not fun
4,Compared to the original...It's just...
2,It didn't really hit home. the boredom of the whole time
6,They say it's touching. I don't think older people will like it
1,It's nothing compared to Kangpool's original cartoon
5,I think Song Jihyo is much better than Kim Yu-na
1,-- JAMUP Tteotteoburu 조 What a waste of Ochunan seen as early morning
1,I can't beat Shawshank.
1,It's just boring
6,I can't trust you because of your part-time job on NAVER. What's 10 points? That's too obvious
5,It should have been more touching if you made a cartoon into a video.There are too many main scenes missing from the original
6,Another Gangful cartoon film that shows the limitations that cannot be overcome by the emotion of the cartoon
1,Good night at the theater... It would be worth watching if you didn't watch the original movie.10% Touch of Original -_-;
6,I'm a bit sad that the scene where grandmother Lee meets her mother is not included in the original movie
1,Expert ratings are correct.
1,This was so bad. People cried. Did you come to the movie theater to cry after watching this?I felt like that
1,Is this fun?
1,That's a good part-time job
5,The part-timers... Are you kidding me?
2,I wasn't... bored
1,처where
5,It's just so
1,I lost all my money
1,There are too many part-time jobs.
1,Fake touching
1,I couldn't immerse myself because the setting and development were forced. a boring movie
1,It's not a movie that's going to get this is it?
5,the highest rating in a film screenplay
1,It's not enough to be the best...There seems to be a lot of difference between internet movie review and actual feeling
1,Rubbish movie.............
1,Scoring the average score
1,not much
1,I want to lower my GPA. S B
1,The score is too high^_^
1,The rating is too high^_^
4,a film that is far from perfect to cover everything up with old actors' performances
1,The rating is too high.I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. I think parents will like it.
1,A lot of part-timers are sticking together
6,Was it because my expectations were too high? I don't think it's a movie that gets this much reviews...
6,I don't like it
1,have a high rating
1,Our country's movies are from there to there --
1,Let's get 8.8 points
1,My score is
1,It's really fun. So my score is
6,Lee Soonjae's proper casting!
1,Strong!
1,For rating adjustment
1,It's not that...
1,1 point for rating adjustment
1,a rating scam
1,I regret it when I watch the movie after the rating.
1,These part-time jobs are annoying.
1,What's good about left-leaning?
1,It's not fun
1,It wasn't funny personally. I was watching and came out in the middle.
1,A movie for a trashy movie man who doesn't know what the real emotion is and is used to being forced to do it
1,No way.
4,The love story of the elderly. Not interesting. Why should it be made into a movie?
1,Is this sad? It's like you're squeezing out tears. I should have bought ice cream.;;;
5,Ratings cannot be given as preferential treatment for senior citizens.
1,It's not fun
1,Don't cry. Tons or three idiots should win
1,Half a star is a waste
1,Ah ;;That's a real part time jobAre you kidding me? I can't watch a movie because of Kim Soomi
1,moving
4,I watched the original and it was really boring I'm faithful to the original...I think it's better not to watch the original
1,It's just 6.5 times less fun than the original. Part-timers--
6,I'm kind of disappointed because I saw the original first. The acting was good :)
1,The director should have reconstructed it as he wanted. Every line of the river pool that's not smooth
1,It's better than the director's poor work
1,Don't look.
1,You all know that part-time job?It's only a seven-point movie.
6,I went to the preview... I don't think I made the right original work.I'm really sad.That's how much I'm a fan...
1,A clumsy C-rated movie that failed to properly utilize the actors' acting skills and beautiful videos
1,Did you see it in the future?
1,It's too high. Let's lower it a bit
1,Kids who will give 10 points to this movie will be very happy with their lives because whatever they play will be fun and touching
2,It's like a dog.Why are you paying me to watch this?
2,I don't think this is a good grade
6,It's been 100 years since I came this far
1,an easy thing to like
5,a sentimental humanistic drama
1,It's too much to call a masterpiece
1,There's nothing I can't say to the black saggy master
3,I don't know why that happens.
6,I'm the only one who didn't have much fun
1,This is so touching;; I think people are so fake
5,It's like a French movie. The translation is not good enough. What is this about?
6,It's just a movie. The cliché is too cliché
1,Am I the only one who feels it ^^;
1,Everyone around me is sleeping
6,Typical comes from the box and small episodes save the movie
1,Spare time... The music is also low. popular music
1,The ratings are so high compared to the fun of the movie
5,You've got to see if you have to...
1,It wasn't my style.
1,It's a bit boring to say it's a good movie
1,It's not that fun. I don't recommend it
1,I can't believe it's 9 points. It's fascinating... I think the early 8 points range is appropriate.
2,Even if it's real... I think the rating is too high. I'll lower it
1,Is the movie consistent with this obvious touching chord in the 9 points range?
6,Who put the 1% friendship subhead?
5,It's just... It's just...
5,A little bit of a cliche comedy. It didn't really hit home to me.
1,Adjusting ratings...
6,The reason why this movie has 6 points is that even experts are not impressed and only remember the black dance
6,Isn't it too cliche?
1,The rating is too high for the work. There's not much affection or emotion. It's not fun either. The last holiday is more fun.
1,The second half is a shame
1,......................Untouchable: 1 percent
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it? It's no more than killing time.
1,I'm not up to my mark.
4,It is calm except for a burst of laughter
6,Why is this 9 points?
5,I don't know... Is it because I'm looking forward to it?It's boring
6,I remember one thing after I saw it. Black teeth are very white
1,It's a black hyung's punishment!
5,I can't believe you're imitating American impressions. It doesn't look good on French movies
1,It's so far-fetched
1,1 point for fun
1,The most boring movie I've ever seen
1,I'm so touched
1,The rating is ridiculous
1,Good movie but high rating
1,What's funny about this? I slept
1,It's similar to "Show Shank Escape"
1,French
5,He's so arrogant
1,It's not fun at all right? It's so boring and boring. How can this be 9 points?I'm so touched.
5,I don't think it's 9 points. It's not like I manipulated it
1,a forceful impression based on a true story
5,It wasn't that fun...
1,It was boring the whole time  a rubbish movie not worth watching
5,Knocking on Bucket Svetman referred to only 1% of the true story
6,Is it the friendship between two men who have no prejudice and have a good heart? It won't be easy to be like that in this day and age. It's a world full of prejudice and stereotypes. But it doesn't seem like the tsunami is moving or the main character's humor is funny! Is it because the theme is good? That's a high rating
5,I don't know where it's fun or if it'
6,Like a friend who can laugh without saying a word even though it's been a while.
3,I think the rating is too high...I think the expert rating is right.
1,Boring. Unbelievable rating
5,I didn't like it
1,What is this?
1,What is this? Is this trash?
1,It's not good. How can it exceed 9 points?
6,The same feeling that Driss had when she was watching an opera.
6,It's calm.
6,It's so nice to watch That much
5,a good true story
4,I don't know why this movie has a high rating...
6,Is Philip a Buddha? Unreasonably generous to the rude and insincere Dre.
2,It's a waste of money. It's not touching. It's better to have a bucket list
1,It's an obvious genre and it's obvious. I don't want to be forced to be touched
1,Is this really funny?
1,I think a rating of 7 to 8 is appropriate.
1,It's more like a documentary than a movie
5,Agreed...
1,I think it's just a commercial movie that expects attention and favorable reviews from society. I can't write long.
1,The most boring movie among touching true stories. I fell asleep while watching a blind date.The scores below are "do-de-che"?
2,I was looking forward to it because the rating was high. Big disappointment. Just Lee Jisoo...  I can't relate to the cliche
6,It's not a movie that moves you to the point of making a fuss. Except it's true.
1,It's a preview. ^^I watched the preview and it was just like the preview
6,I'm sad because I watched the movie with high expectationsI can watch a calm movie
5,It's boring
6,A real touch from a typical story.
5,Is it because it's too calm? But the music is good
1,It's a heavy but light movie. Something that's full of anticipation and emptiness. a movie worth watching
1,Blackie and leggy-- I want to give up sight
5,I was fooled by the rating. I'm sleepy and bored Sometimes it was funny. Not really!
2,Do you think the obvious friendship between men still works?
4,Can't you hear the bubbling sound?
5,UJUNG is not an episode
1,Very boring...
3,A man can regret it. Everyone around me is disappointed...
1,10 points for a heart-warming movie? Some might think that Koreans only lived with discrimination
1,The score is too high
6,It's not that interesting; it's a movie I don't know why I made it and it's been boring all along
6,Sleepy
2,Is this a movie for those over 12? It was a childish movie.
1,I enjoyed watching <9.0~9.2>. But now the score of 9.37 is a little too much.
6,Driss is so lovely and I got to listen to Earl's Wind and Fire again. I feel sorry for the person who bought that picture
3,It's not fun. It's too obvious
5,I don't know if it's because I have high expectations before watching the movie. I'm not that touched...Car? There's a freight car
2,Not so good. Very plain content and a dragon-like conversation. France's vulgar conversation--boring without climax
1,a double-track story a black one-man show an unnecessary frame composition; a simple film. Let's lower the rating
4,Did I expect too much? Everything you showed on the TV movie program...It's like a one-act play on TV
1,A ridiculous deviant 1% of wealth. Don't be fooled by their ratings. No fun.Well.
6,Is it because I'm expecting too much because of the high rating? It was a little boring.
3,I don't really like movies...I've seen two. I'd rather recommend an introduction to architecture
1,It's not very interesting and touching. A fully anticipated story. I've always seen movies like this
3,This is fun...Really!! Ah...my money
1,It's just a documentary that made 1% friendship into a movie
6,It doesn't feel bad as if you're watching a documentary
6,Part-time job. Just as much as I expected. Maybe it's a true story
1,Oh... it's not funny
1,That's awesome. It's not 9.4
1,The rating of 7.5 is correct. I wanted something touching. Boring like a European movie.
1,I disagree that this movie has the highest rating. Score management..
6,It's just calm...
6,A friendship of one percent is made of 99 percent setup and cliché
6,What's so touching about this?There's only a comic element in the middle of a really empty ending.Please look forward to it
6,Reflect on your departure video trip. That's all it says
3,It's okay ^^
1,It's not fun. I'm sick and tired of it's boring
5,Why did I feel sad rather than funny in every scene?
3,It doesn't seem like a nine-point movie. A calm movie. The story is not natural.a movie with individual differences
1,Don't watch movie lovers who like to smash it. Bored...
5,Did I expect too much from the rating? It's so boring.
5,It's not friendship. It's something that satisfies your instincts and symbiosis with each other
1,You're a part-timer
6,The warmth that you can feel even if you don't try to impress them! It was heart-warming.
1,Why isn't there a zero point?
1,Are there only part-timers here?Are you serious? Stories are lame and puns aren't fun.The movie that only slept after Dear John
1,The person who recommends this doesn't understand. It's so boring if you just slept
6,The development itself is so ordinary that the word "real story" is overshadowed.It was not enough to feel the noble friendship between the two.
5,It's not fun. The conflict doesn't end.A movie that wasn't even touching
5,I don't know what kind of fun this is...I'm at a loss.
1,I thought it was an art movie because it was so boring. The rating was so high that I got off!
2,It's a touching story. Two stars. The movie itself is not good.
1,I don't know what it's about.
6,It's been a while since I saw a heart-warming movie Heartwarming ^^
3,My friend said that the ending was good.They want us to see you later;;
1,It's been a while since I saw a movie that makes my heart warm. I'm touched...crying
1,OOO out of OOO...I haven't seen such a childish movie in a while.
6,It wasn't too fun or sad
1,I'm sure it's not going to be fun
6,I was looking forward to it. It's just a calm movie.There's nothing particularly touching about it
1,Ah..the reality zero movie that I hate the most.. I want to kill a black bird
3,It's true that there's calm emotion and laughter. But that's all. I was tricked by a rating.
4,It's not a movie that's worth 10 points
6,How should I say it? It's a really calm movie  Just a movie that you can watch without thinking.
6,Why is this a 12-year-old viewer... I should raise it to 15 at least.
2,Does the first scene really make you look forward to it?I'm getting bored. I don't care about the ending
4,It's not fun
5,It's not fun... There are so many part-timers...
1,Too boring
1,Why did I watch this movie?I regret it. It's a boring movie with no emotion
1,They said they watched the movie after seeing the rating. 9.5 is definitely not. 7.5 is a movie
2,I don't really... I don't doze off.
2,I'll give you 1 star for overpackaging and fighting spirit marketing
4,It's boring...
3,It's a minus that I pulled it off because I'm so moved
1,I feel like I was tricked by the part-timer's rating. The movie is as easy as a TV human theater.
1,I want to give you 0 point
1,I don't know why the rating is so high.I don't like it because there are only female jokes.It's not that touching either.
1,Isn't this too high?
5,I think the theme will be in this year's best five.
3,Emotion's explanations are too inadequate
6,It's a bit disappointing in the second half
5,The unnatural harmony between the awkwardly gentle rich and the awkwardly arrogant poor
3,Comedy movie? Not fun How many people went out in the first 15 minutes? Why is there so many 10 points? A movie for TV
6,It's just normal. I don't think it's 10 points...
1,I strongly recommend a movie where you can feel both fun and emotion
1,Don't be fooled. It's not good. It's a cliche.
1,a poor work of the times
1,That's so childish
1,The rating is too high.I think 8.5 is enough.
6,Boredom
1,Boredom No special story
1,What is touching? The best movie of my life is really too much
1,It was so fun and touching
6,Let's believe in the power of positivity and laughter
6,It didn't really hit home
2,The director's a drug-minor sexual assault.a sharp eyes
6,Johnber wins...
1,What the sex offender director created is old-fashioned. It's dirty. Stop with the Jewish Shield.
4,I couldn't sleep because I was scaredcrying
6,The director is a child sex offender--
5,I'm sure the director of this movie is a sexual assault. Am jQuery22409204996117685362_1524558221939
2,I can't believe you gave me 10 points for this movie. Oh my god.
1,I don't have a rating for a child rapist
1,Victim cosplay film by Jewish director of underage rapist
1,Information about the director: http://news.joins.com/article/20112197
1,I am sick of Jewish praise movies.
5,The Nazis are really terrible people. I'm surprised there are still people who advocate for them.
4,It's just like that. Why did I see it?
1,It's boring. It's not a masterpiece. Hitler is a great man
2,I am so sad that I have a painful past.
1,It's an obvious story about war and love
1,I remember seeing it before... I didn't like it.
1,A pianist is also a personto be nothing special
1,The main character is so mean. I can't believe this is a movie.It's a touching story when Wei-baek is organized.The end is annoying
4,The only thing that keeps coming out is shooting him to death. It was boring throughout the movie. I don't understand the high rating
1,I'm sleepy. I don't like the sudden resolution
1,The main character who runs away until the end of the movie...All the people are mobilized to get food and live well. Two hours were wasted for the last 10 minutes of the German officer's appearance. the height of boredom
1,I enjoyed it. But the rating is too high
4,A work that emphasizes human connections hidden in the background of war
1,It reminds me of D-War
4,If you look at what the Jews are doing...
1,Why is this touching? I thought it was a waste of time. The one who is bored and runs away wins Is that what it means?
6,I feel that the theme of the story lacks the emotion of probability and the process of the main character's survival
1,The Jewish version of X and Money
6,The title of pianist raises doubts. I watched it thinking that the piano would be the main factor in the story to match the title of pianist. Like Oscar Schindler's Schindler list. a work with a great distance between the title and the content It's just Spielman's War Survival Movie
4,the epitome of Jewish damage consciousness marketing It's corny and disgusting.
6,It's so boring. I can't concentrate at all.
6,What about what Jews do to Palestinians these days?
6,A real war situation. The German officer died in the camp until the end. I'm not that touched...
6,I'd rather have Enemy at the Gate or Busters
1,It's no different from many other movies about Nazi cruelty.
1,Is this list of dull first-person events a documentary? I don't know where to be sad.
6,What did a pianist do to all those people who allowed him to survive?
6,I was so bored that it was my first time watching a movie that I stopped watching for 3 days
5,It was boring all the way through.
2,It wasn't dramatic and the development was boring
1,I heard that Jews are slaughtering these days
5,I only felt like other movies of this kind. Nothing special.
6,It's a movie that doesn't have much to watch except that one of the surviving Jews is a pianist
5,Connections are really important to survive. He's a very lucky star
6,Just a flat piece
1,Tired of Jewish Damage Advertising
1,It's jam
6,So a coward who's desperate to survive alone is the main character of this movie?
6,What did he do in the middle of the war? There was no 'moved true story'. It's just a survival story
5,I'm kidding. There's no twist. It's just a horror movie of a dark war
1,Pianist lol just struggle for survival.Thank the German officer.
6,The history of the Jewish people's memories that they want to go back to. The country of Korea will make this kind of movie
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,Why a pianist?
4,I can see why this is the title of the pianist
5,Networking + talent is the best? It's boring. It's not fun and touching.
1,The Survival of an Incompetent Jewish Pianist...
1,You mean Jewish life? I can only see him running away
1,Cowardly Jews are busy running away
5,This used to be number one?
6,It's a movie I watched a long time ago. Is this movie about Jews complaining of injustice?
1,I don't recommend it
6,It's not touching. The main character's emotions are so restrained. It's more like a documentary
6,8 points for a documentary and 4 points for a movie
1,I don't know why the title is Pianist.I don't know what the movie is about.
5,Boring... I don't know if it's touching... I guess I'm a weird guy.
3,It's not fun at all. I'll give you seven points if you follow half of the Schindler's list.There are no Jews. The race that should be
4,Unimpressed. Seems to be over-packaging a mediocre movie. It's just a story of Jewish abuse
2,...Hmmm...............
2,I don't understand how high the rating is too high
4,Huh? Isn't it a movie by a rapist? Three stars. Minus
6,a dull movie
1,..........good movie but...sorry
1,The movie that netizens don't understand the most!
6,The emotions I feel while watching a movie are bittersweet...
4,It's a true story. What's wrong with you?
6,I saw it because it had a high rating.I was a little bored.
2,It's amazing and touching that there really is such a true story. be like a novel^^
3,a movie that is neither touching nor entertaining and loose throughout the whole time
1,It's so boring
6,Bad movie for the dry.
6,It's like watching a pathetic pianist's life of war
1,Is this foam?
2,There are a lot of people with exotic tastes. Or pretend to admire them and sympathize with them? The rating is funny.
5,It doesn't match the title and content of the story that's almost the same as Jewish
1,It's just plain Disappointed
2,It's trash.
4,I don't know why this movie is famous.
3,I shouldn't have seen it. I looked at it because it had a high rating. That's not funny.
3,It's not as good as I thought.
5,Where should I be touched?The scene where I survive and perform at the end?A scene where a German officer helps?
6,That's the only Jewish director's Nazi-cracking?
6,I was just bored.What's so touching?
6,It's not touching. It's boring
4,It's so calm that it stretches for a long time.
6,a happy ending for a coward
6,seem overrated
5,What the hell is touching about?
6,A movie that made me realize that I should watch most Nazi movies before watching Schindler
5,Should I act like I'm moved in front of a high rating?
1,Why is it a masterpiece? Why am I not touched?
5,In front of a blood-drying running time. The fun and the excitement collapsed
6,It is a desperate survival movie of a traitor pianist who survived by meeting a good officer.
5,It's boring. It's not fun. It's not thrilling. There's no twist. I'm not impressed. The story structure is single-track.
1,The biggest mistake of my life is that I watched this movie. Is there another boring movie like this?
4,One of the most overrated movies.
1,The smell of Jewish manipulation
1,Top
1,The best movie of my life
1,..it's not funny compared to the grade
1,In addition to the last scene;;
6,The title "Pianist" is a shame.
1,an unfavorable feeling
1,a good movie
1,I didn't watch this movie because I saw a secret that I couldn't tell.I don't feel like another movie
1,I can't forget the boredom of early and mid-life
4,I don't know...
5,It's disgusting to see the Nazis drop his grandfather off a chair and kill him.
1,This is really not it
3,It's not as good as I thought
1,I didn't like playing the piano in a very serious movie
3,It's not a touching movie. It's just that kind of course
6,an unimpressed cliche
6,Why am I not touched?
1,It's really not funny or touching
6,It was fun. I wasn't touched
6,I don't know why the rating is so high.I believed in the wrong rating ;;
6,Polanski's great disappointment
4,Isn't this kind of movie for professionals?  I'm not touched. I'm just wondering what you're doing.
3,Reproduction of history...There's only a realistic reproduction...There is no cinematic fun.
1,It's nothing new about Jewish stories.Why are you a pianist?
5,It only appears that a man is struggling to survive.
4,Is it because it's too realistic? The movie that was so boring...
5,I'm bored and can't watch art movies. I'm tired of you guys who always give me 10 points
1,I almost fell asleep.
2,Why is the score so high?
1,It's not second place.honestly
1, a horst.
1,Not really
1,All of Megatron's fighting!
1,There's foam
1,Long live D-War!
1,Hooray for D-War! Let's throw away Transformers and post D-War!
1,I'm just sad that there's nothing hot about it
1,Everything is meaningful when you transform
1,I want action!
6,I don't know why it's so high.
6,The piano sound that you can't feel the emotions. So?
3,I'm sorry that I couldn't watch it until the end
1,I fell asleep while watching this movie.
1,Roman Polanski's art...Especially the color! 10 points for sure!
1,I don't know. What should I do?
1,That's great. A movie that I want to give a rating of 8.in the spirit of getting off
5,Look at the Schindler list!!!
3,To impress the grossly contrived production. to force a war into being
5,Schindler's list is the best.
1,I could have made it a little more touching.
1,It can't be better than a multicellular girl.
1,There's a movie like this
5,It wasn't good.Touching is...
5,Pianist
6,somehow
4,Somehow.
1,This is a purely survival movie.I'll stick to one's back
1,A Jewish story that has been breached dozens of times + an awful lot of boredom
1,That's amazing
1,I just trusted the ratings. full of regrets
1,I've been watching it since I didn't have much time. It's a little x 100 boring
1,Boredom-boredom-bored
1,You're in the first grade
1,Boring. The only funny scene is playing the piano in front of an officer
6,It would have been better if it were a different title.
1,It's not fun
5,It's not great enough to be in the rankings
4,"I like acting. When do you play the piano?"
4,I don't know where you get touched.
6,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it
1,Is this a movie?
1,"Story of a cockroach in a human mask"... What's the 2nd place?
1,A touching but boring piece
1,Netizen's rating is too generous! The movie is about 8.5?
2,It's a little boring.
1,not much
1,I hate the piano
3,I was surprised by the horoscope.Is this movie touching?
6,Let's not make too much of a Jewish movie.;;
6,Do we have to survive like that? The movie is realistic
1,The story of a lucky pianist whose patriotism is nowhere to be found
1,Eating the rice ball...
1,I think it's a movie that exaggerates the Jewish people.It's not funny.
1,8 points is enough...
1,Worst Jewish movie ever...
1,It's a cheap movie
1,It's a cheap movie
1,It's a cheap movie
1,Director's error
1,Not my style;;
6,Is this the best?
6,It is by no means more than Spielman's autobiography.
1,What is this?
1,Life is the best! This kind of movie is trash
1,Why isn't there a zero point?
1,That's a bubble
1,Life is beautiful. I came from Pa.
1,Good bye!
1,Wow! I can't believe there are so many protectors. ^^*
1,Let's make the kids mad.
1,retribution of cause and effect
1,Not good.
1,I'm not interested in things like this
6,Look at Hanake's pianist who released it at the same time. Oh my god.
1,Why is it so boring?
1,I'm bored.
1,Polish Jewish Story
1,It's a perfect movie
5,Not really. I can't reach it
1,This movie is too high.
1,What a boring movie
1,It wasn't good.
6,Polanski's eccentricity saved him from the obvious human drama.
1,The content is boring
1,It wasn't good.
1,It was just...
4,It feels a bit dry. Is it the charm or weakness of this movie?
1,It is more interesting to buy OOO
1,I like you
1,I recommend it more if you like piano.
6,A movie that was somewhat poisoned by excessive boredom.
1,I didn't like it
5,The pianist survived to the end.
6,It would have been better to make a documentary.Movies need to be fun
1,The score is too high
1,It's worse than Emergency Action No. 19. I'm serious.
1,What is it?
1,Another obvious inducement of Jewish sympathy made by the Jewish director is boring.
6, well
6,Trying to impress...Boredom and boredom...This is not right.
3,What is the relationship between a pianist and World War II?
1,I'm sick of it...
1,It's really nothing
1,a separate room
5,I'm getting a little tired of the Holocaust.
1,A movie that promotes anti-Naziism no matter what! I can't watch it because it's disgusting
5,Movies shouldn't be boring.
6,??Persistent life..I can only remember the German officer...
1,Jews forget their past and persecute other peoples.
5,Why was I bored?
2,He's lost all his self-esteem and he's focused on his own life.It was deeply unpleasant.
1,lol
1,Well...
1,Impression is that life is beautiful.I don't know if it's because I watched dozens of Holocaust movies
1,It's so cruel that I can't watch it
5,It's a really touching movie
1,The movie is great.But those who know pain are now suffering to others.
1,Are Jews victims of the past or present killers of the present?
5,I really enjoyed watching it
1,That German officer... He's the coolest...
5,What the hell is fun about?
1,It's the last piano song that makes your soul wet.So art was great
6,I don't think it's a movie that suits me
1,A soul-laden performance.  It was a heartbreaking sadness.The quality of the work is amazing
6,What else should I feel here? The two main characters who seemed like machines.
4,Ghibli Children's Suffering Series
4,I didn't think it was a movie 30 years ago. It's not funny. It's almost over. I just watched it while playing a phone game.
1,Ricky O'Kreary 76-Nine Five Fury.
1,I'm going to talk to a lot of people throughout the country.
5,I remember watching it when I was in elementary school.
1,What do you want to talk about? The relationship between the two elementary school kids? Do you think they'll get married and live well?
1,The rating is quite bubbly.
1,1 point for Japanese culture
6,Emotional animation that I can't keep up with
1,It wasn't that bad. Bubbles...
1,How dare you try to beat Kim Bosung?
5,It's nice to see the kids.The background music is very...
6,The background music was great. But I don't like to venture out.
1,Japanese animations have high ratings
1,Japanese FANTASY are not mysterious but weird.
1,The ratings are too high. Is it because there are maniacs?
6,a relic of an old age hidden by a huge and beautiful imagination
1,I think it's too much to go over 9 points
1,a calm family film
6,It's too plain... Princess Wolyoung was awesome... This is a little...
3,This isn't funny.
6,Human desire opens Pandora's box. It's only pure that prevents tragedy
1,OO is going OO emergency measures 19 is more fun
6,I'll cut the bubble rating for Ghibli. I guess I just wanted to paint the castle of heaven.
4,be taken aback by one's high rating
3,Other than innocence... I can't find anything good about probability or development
1,I saw it because it was a masterpiece.The most disappointing Ghibli animation I've ever seen. Boredom itself
5,I didn't know why I was watching it the whole time
1,I watched it with a person right below me Laughingering) Laughingering)What's that? It's very generous
1,jackpot
1,That's not funny. Mono-no-keh-mega-gel is funny. It's not funny
1,Is this a fishing movie like Clementine? It's so generous of Miyazaki Hayao.
1,It's a cartoon for elementary school students. That's all.
6,It wasn't as fun as I thought That was a bit too much
1,? I think it's a part time job for those who gave me 10 points
6,The movie I watched with my friends in middle school...
2,It feels like I'm watching an old cartoon. Senkwa Chihiro.Howl. It's the fantasy and dimension of Princess Wonryeong. Boredom.
1,What is this? What am I expecting? You'll know when you see those old-fashioned beggars!
1,I think elementary students will enjoy watching it. It's a waste of time for middle school students and older to watch. Other Miyazaki movies are worth watching
5,I think the result came out in vain while moving on seriously.
1,There is a tendency to give too much credit to Annie If I had evaluated you objectively...
6,It's not as good as Senwa Chihiro. Something lacking and boring
1,Not funny
1,The kids will love it
1,Boredom itself
1,be childish and boring
1,I don't like Annie
4,That's a good ending. It's so boring
6,Is it because I expected too much?
1,Give it generously
1,a raven
4,That's an undeserved rating. I didn't find it fun It feels like I'm reading an old cartoon. The rating seems to be wrong;
1,the worst movie ever
1,It's trash
6,More than I thought...! a level of importance But it wasn't bad.
5,I was a little bored. Sen and Chihiro's disappearance is more interesting.
1,This is the worst movie of Hayao Miyazaki
6,Hayao Miyazaki's work is attractive because the distinction between good and evil is ambiguous
6,That's better than I thought.It was boring to watch it twice. ==; Boring
6,Hayao gently tells us that the development of civilization is not a great thing.
1,There are so many masterpieces. How can they get such high ratings?
3,I've seen almost all the boring and not-so-famous ones except Sen and Chihiro missing and my neighbor Totonot much
6,Hayao Miyazaki and I don't get along! The point is that it's hard to catch dust! Is it far?
6,It's too bad...
1,Sky Castle Laputa is so boring. Don't worry about money
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,not much
1,It's a little childish.
1,Something's missing
3,I don't know if you like Mo so much. It's not like I've seen it before
6,It's just that. Did I expect too much?
1,I'm doomed. I hope you fail
1,It's so much fun. Is there a landscape like this?
1,I don't like Miyazaki
1,Need words
1,I don't like it
5,Before I was born... It must have been fun and touching. Music is great
1,Childish and too obvious villains are ridiculously stupid
1,The Japanese are delusional!
1,Am I the only one who's not funny? I don't really agree with the movie.
1,Isn't that the worst Miyazaki ever?
1,I feel like I'm lacking something.
6,It's boring now and the video is boring.Sleepiness from above the middle
1,It's really...
1,Hayao Miyazaki's movies are mostly trash.
1,It was really boring. Japanese!
1,Is there a zero point?^^;;
1,a one-point movie
1,To this extent.
1,an overrated piece of work by the first generation
6,an obvious plot
1,It's not funny --;
1,10 points. Is it a part-time job?
1,It wasn't fun
3,the climax of a work that personally has forgotten the theme of a cartoon
1,No jam...-;
4,Tired of Miyazaki's obvious story...
6,I don't think I fit in with Ghibli
1,Much better than Howl.;
1,There are many better movies. I think it's too much to exceed 9 stars.
5,It's really nice.
1,It's fun. It came out in '86. It's a classic
5,I think I was looking forward to it too much.It was obvious -_-;;;
1,I feel like I'm watching it with the younger members
3,Hayao's thought is not enough...Fairy tales with nature.-_-
1,Children's cartoons
4,I don't think so
1,Look at this. It's just a cartoon
6,It was fun to go up memories
1,Racism in Asian Children Carcinogenesis
1,British Parliament for the Helenik shares of the L.K.R.
1,South China Sea division of labor legalized by Huang Ta-da
4,The introduction was touching.
6,The opening is as famous as it is. Then an overrated movie. It is difficult to concentrate due to the lack of probability in the story.
1,I think it's going to be foam.
6,For a life without regrets. pull out one's hidden wish with a key to courage
5,a repeat of coincidence and coincidence
5,More than half of the movies were sentimental through early marriage
6,As long as the probability was good...
1,I wish my wife could travel with me
6,I think I missed something from the moment the house sank.
1,It's too childish and plain
6,It's plain. It's a shame. It's not easy to cry
3,a self-portrait of a sad grandfather who is exploited by a child in his old age
1,An elderly old man with a bird and an immature elementary student. I almost died of anger while watching.
1,The screen is so dizzy that I can't concentrate on the movie
1,I turned it off in the middle because I was so bored
1,I think the rating is a little too much
6,Am I skinny to enjoy this?
1,be grossly boring Bored lol The part-timers are so loose. I think they're going to eat the other one too
1,I don't think it's a movie that has such a high rating
6,Why is this lower than Rapunzel?
6,the absence of attractive characters
4,I saw it and it's coming up now. It reminds me of that time and disappoints me.
5,It's sad to see the old man and Ally live for five minutes
3,I admit that the beginning was touching. But the content development is so boring.
1,You can only see it on the PC through Naver player with DRM. a frustrated person watching on TV
6,It's hard to find an animation this boring.
6,The later development of the story can be rather absurd and tedious to watch without innocence
6,Just laugh from time to time
1,It's not funny at all
4,The rating is too high. It's a movie that touches the personality of a little boy.
1,Only the first part is good. Please throw away the formula. You guys can do better
6,It was fun
1,It was so bad.
1,It's not that funny.It's not fun.
1,It's hard to relate to the main characters. It's hard to get immersed in the story
5,Much remains to be done.
5,It's hard to cover such a story with less than a dopey video.
6,I think the story is going off topic...
6,It's not as good as I thought. It's just a work. It would have been nice if there was an impact.
4,It's boring. It'
6,A movie that children would like to watch without thinking.
1,Why is the rating so high? It's like a flat piece
2,How can this be 9 points??
1,Part-timers with 1 seed
5,Too simple and boring
6,anime for infants
1,Oh... NAVER reviews... Forsythia and I got 9 points
6,Fooled by NAVER horoscope -_-; When will it be fun...I watched it until the end and ended up turning it off
6,Is it because I was looking forward to it so much. It's boring from the middle
1,You think this is possible?
1,That's not good.
1,This movie is really not fun.Disappointed... I want to give you 100 The rating...
1,I can't really relate to it.
1,It wasn't fun.
1,Is this fun...
2,Disney Annie feels like it's going to ruin.Disney movies are getting less and less and less.
6,I don't like it
4,It's just plain
6,a fresh piece of work
1,I need to lower the rating. It's about the same level  About 8 points? It's a bit boring
1,It's too high. Let's lower the rating.
1,What is this?
1,It's like an elementary school student. the height of childishness
6,Monkeys have days to fall from trees. Even Pixar...
1,It's not fun...Don't look at it. It's trash
1,a tagger
5,I don't think it's fun... I thought the art school was fun...It's not really...
1,Pixar's first failure
6,It's worth seeing. It doesn't impress much or leave anything behind.
6,I don't know if Pixar doesn't fit me. It's just whatever. It's similar to Wall E
1,Why did you make this movie if OO is not fun? I'll say one more thing. This is a failure
5,10 points for children and 5 points for adults?
6,The screen is so pretty^^
4,I enjoyed it
1,I don't like the kid. He's a little kid
1,It was a movie with nothing to watch.
6,It's an unexpected storyline
5,Why am I always boring Pixar Annie?
4,There's no jam to catch the eye. I think they'll find it boring
1,That's so lame
6,I think it's a children's movie
1,I don't think I can show it to a kid...The graphics are really nice.
1,Boredom
5,It's a little high. It's about 8.5cm. It's a movie with a good ending. It's good because it's a dream.Hah!
1,I turned it off while watching "Jokka-ne"
6,It's childish.
2,You're just making things upfront
1,I'm watching a movie. I saw the preview and it was disappointing
1,That's so childish. I can't feel the affection.
6,I don't know... I'm a Pixar animation fan. It's kind of disappointing...
5,This is the least interesting of Pixar's works
6,Time flies and there is no country for old people. I liked Fredriksson's childhood scenes
2,Hmm...it's a little boring.
6,7 points are appropriate. Pixar's least interesting work
1,I don't like it personally
1,I paid more money to watch IMAX. It's a kid movie
1,This is the worst Pixar Annie I've ever seen
5,Not a very recommended movie.
6,I was looking forward to it so much.
6,This is the first time that I dozed off while watching Pixar movie.overmotivated to sustain interest
1,It's so boring
6,I think I was looking forward to Pixar too much
5,Children will love it.I don't really...
1,Sleepy
6,I'm looking forward to it.I was looking forward to it. It was just a normal feeling
1,Fun writing
1,It's not that
4,I hope it wasn't fun. It's not even funny
1,It's a movie that seems to have left its fun at home
1,I'm going to get angry
2,Does it make sense? How can a face be square?
6,I dozed off while watching it. Only the short story of "Partly Cloudy" by Peter Son was fun
1,I thought it would be fun.I looked at it with my chin on my chin with no expression on my face.;;
1,Oh --
1,Don't look at me. I went to Jojo and there were five people
1,It's... It's just...
3,By the strongest star...Let's admit it. (Lee Soonjae was the only one who had a hard time)
1,More likely to sleep than... boring.
1,It's fun. Uh...
5,They'll like it if they see it. Flying in a balloon
6,She's so cute. Eunhwa
5,It's not more than I expected. It's just a story... You'll be in big trouble if you look forward to it like me.
1,It doesn't seem very interesting
1,It will be fun soon.It's going to be fun... ...and it's over.
1,The score is about 8 points or less.a good movie
1,It's really not funny
1,This is also a really boring movie.It's a really boring movie that didn't touch or shed tears.
4,Nine points is absolutely the worst Pixar Nie I've ever seen.
1,Throw it away
3,I'm not as impressed as anyone else. I'm so excited.
5,Maybe it was because I was looking forward to it so much that I was disappointed with the story
5,I'm getting confused as the movie ends.
1,Not really
2,I don't like it
6,I fell asleep while watching... -_-;;
6,This Disney movie is a bit... I'm so disappointed.
1,What's this?
1,Hello
4,It's a bit thread
5,It was easy.
1,Look at the national team Then you admit it.
1,The best animation in the world
6,It's like a movie called "Mojal"
1,It's a waste to watch an animation in a movie theater
1,It's not fun -_-
1,It's not fun
1,It's not funny
1,What are you doing?
2,I don't like to see my hero in a moment.Pixar's touching moments...crying
6,It's not as good as I expected.I was surprised by my grandfather's physical strength
1,It's not fun... It's childish. Don't look
1,That's childish
1,This is for babies
1,I'll watch it because it's a bottle
1,The expert rating is not a big deal.Pixar is ruined
2,A film that really destroys Pixar's reputation with its sloppy composition and storyline
1,Pixar is the worst Annie
1,Oh my god
5,I'm disappointed It's no more fun than Ice Age and it's no more fun than Haeundae????
6,The kids love it T
1,not much.
1, well
1,A rating that is too high and needs to be lowered. It's a 2-and-a-half-star piece
6,It is less interesting than Pixar's other animations
6,This movie is a little disappointing. Pixar Studio!
1,I'm kidding. I looked at the score with the national team. That's awesome
2,Just.
2,I lost my childhood innocence Why can't I focus on cartoons?
1,It's a sleepy movie.I slept like hell...
1,I'm A.C.E.I
1,It's not an evaluation to give 10 points because the score is too high
1,I'm jam-up girl
1,It's so much fun
1,The movie that I had to watch...
5,I don't like it
1,That's childish...
1,It's the worst
1,It's really boring and the kid is really ugly. He looks like a pig. Ugh~~~~~~~```
6,The graphics are fine.I think there's a lack of story and laughter
1,It's so boring. I can't understand. I was so sleepy. The content is also...
2,I was sleepy in the movie from the beginning. I dozed off and went to the bathroom later
1,It wasn't that fun
5,It's kind of a waste to watch with money?
1,What is this?
1,It's not fun at all. I agree with that 3 point person
6,It's worth watching.
3,Almost all the kids in the theater are so loud
6,It's a nice picture. ^^
1,There's no jam.
3,It's not fun
3,I'm so sleepy. Don't see me in the evening! Please!
1,It's a movie of the perfect group.It's not fun at all right
1,The first movie that made me sleep lol. It was such a waste of money
1,Does the house float in thousands of balloons? (although it's a children's movie) What if the kids copy it?
1,Turn off the part-timers!
6,It can be very fun depending on the person. But I was sleepy.
6,I'm not as good as I thought. I dozed off
2,The best Pixar movie ever! What is Walt Disney's intention to be violent and serious about death?
3,It's just; it's the level of elementary school kids who don't
5,It is not a work for children. But what does it mean?
1,a little movie
1,I'm sorry. I got cursed at after I saw it.
6,Hommage for Hayao Miyazaki!
2,It's fun...
4,I slept for a while.~~
1,It's not fun
1,I don't like chubby
4,What I've wanted to do all my life. Time goes by. Let's be brave! Courage...
3,I didn't like it that much because it was a story that was obvious and predictable.
3,I don't really...
1,Everyone got 10 points.
1,NAVER movie...It's totally a part-time job heaven now
6,Pixar Annie's first time since the introduction.I like Ghiblina more
3,The most boring animation in my life. Don't look forward to it!
1,The beginning is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But as we go back...-- I can relate to the person below
3,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it...It's a waste of money.crying
1,Now Annie is working on her part-time job.
1,Did you work part-time with Annie?
1,I don't like this movie
6,The dubbing was a bit disappointing.
3,They're like movies. Sleepy
6,Is Disney Pixar too much to look forward to?The second half of the story is as disappointing as I expected
6,The story is disappointing. It's too simple
1,It's not really funny. What's this rating?
5,Slapstick comedy for adults and children in mid- to mid-term. The level of completion is not enough
3,It's worse than other Pixar movies.
4,My baby's bored.
3,And down
1,Pixar... It's a movie that's 98 percent insufficient for adults.
1,The reality is a gutter
6,It's kind of obvious. I think there were too many edits in the middle.
1,I think it's the worst Pixar movie ever.
1,I don't think it's the worst...
1,It was the worst Pixar movie ever. I thought Carr was the worst
5,It's the worst Pixar movie ever. The word "dragonhead" is right on the spot on.
1,It's really my favorite movie. I hope you watch it!
1,My emotions were right then and wrong now
1,The rating is too high. a movie with a six-point rating
1,Toto's old memories
1,I don't know where to find the emotion. It's just a movie about a grown-up lying to a kid and ruining a kid's image.
2,I dozed off four times while watching this movie. I recommend it to people with insomnia
1,My insomnia got better after watching this movie.
6,A place where a man's life lives
1,Is it because I saw the abbreviation? It is impossible to give it higher than 1 point. Is it sleeping pills? Give me back my time
6,There's a scene where I shoot a room with an old lady during Salvatore's adolescence
4,I feel like I've barely read a very boring and slow novel. Will it change when I get older?
1,Boring OST only good movie
1,Why didn't he come back? 30 years is just a device for emotion
6,It wasn't my cup of tea.crying
2,It's not fun at all right?Why are you praising me so much?
1,It doesn't match the movie for some reason.
1,I think it's an overrated movie...
1,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,It seemed like the worst movie ever.
1,I think it's such a good movie. I want to watch it again
1,Thank you. I did as much as I mean
1,What's wrong with releasing an old movie again?
1,Let's stop with the old movie. What is this?
1,Is it fun? Is it possible?
6,The ending is worth watching. It's not that touching. Like a pajama boy
5,I don't think I'm the only one who watched another movie.
1,Rating too high;;
5,I don't know if it's a masterpiece... but I don't know why the ratings are all.
3,The development and expression are boring because it is an old movie.It is a pity to see the reviews of the experts and the Internet saying that it is a good movie without any subjectivity.
1,This is not right
1,It's too old-fashioned and too boring I thought it was an amazing movie. It's just an obvious melodrama
2,A movie that should have ended in 140 minutes. The last half hour ruined the movie.K
5,The flimsyness that prevails throughout the film that is clearly visible unless you are sentimental.
1,a poor work
4,I don't know where to be impressed. I will watch it again in 10 years.
1,It's trash
1,Don't watch '80s movies if you don't like them I thought I was so bored
5,Is it because it's such an old movie?
6,I had high expectations
6,a headache
6,A way to watch other people's lives without being bored.
5,It's hard to appeal to the younger generation. It's irksomely boring. 1st place in NAVER rating?
2,This is the overall audience? All that's left is OST and Toto when he was a kid
6,The final ending did not relieve the boredom of the front...
6,It's called a masterpiece.It's not my personal preference.
3,It was unimpressed and far-fetched compared to the rating.There was no lingering feeling and it didn't impress me.
1,I don't recommend it
1,GPA for understanding;;;;;;
1,Why am I just bored?
1,Old movies...
1,Maybe it's because I looked at it roughly.It's boring and I don't know what it's about
1,If I didn't like it...I don't want to...
1,It's not that fun
2,I've been looking for masterpieces lately.I don't know if it's an old one.
4,Is it because I'm looking forward to it?
1,What's the worst movie?
3,I only remember the kiss scene
1,have no time for
1,I slept after watching the worst movie in my life
1,Rating too high
1,This is a movie that I watched at night for sleeping pills
1,a masterpiece of memory
1,Childish... Bored
1,Wall e is much better
1,TV drama level
1,Shawshank is better
6,Why did I get bored... Maybe it's because I'm young?
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,I stopped watching it in the middle. But why is the rating so high?
1,It's so fun!
1,I don't really...
5,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.I was a little bored.
5,난 Why didn't I feel that kind of emotion? T
6,I'm a bit disappointed
6,By the way
6,I'm just... I'm not that touched. There wasn't much. It was just worth watching
1,What's this?
1,Eight overrated movies are appropriate.
1,I don't really...
1,I can't believe this is first place. Tzuyu
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
2,I'm confused with Toto's heaven.
1,Sleeping pills... I'm sleepy
1,It's touching but boring.
1,I was tricked. What the hell did you do?!  Is the movie over?
2,Do not confuse the meaning of the times with the pure value of the movies themselves
6,A loose movie with only the same music. Why is the rating so high?
2,I think it's a little boring
2,It was just a boring movie for me
1,Old-fashioned one-man show.
4,I don't really...
1,I think I gave you 10 points because of the music. The content is boring and perfect
5,Hmm... What a masterpiece...
5,Maybe because I was young. I don't understand. I'll watch it again later
6,There's a nostalgia of the CinemaKids It smells like it was aimed at
1,I don't know because I don't watch it often
5,a thinking movie
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
1,Whatever
6,I think it's not enough...
3,I don't know why this is funny
1,The most trashy movie of my life
1,Is this a movie?
1,It's a first-class movie. Grade 1 ^^
5,I watched it boringly...Movies can never be boring
4,My sensitivity is dry; I was a little bored.
1,The director's version is so boring
5,It was thoroughly subjectively boring...
1,A really boring and sleepy movie...Sleeping pill
1,Sleeping pill
6,This movie doesn't feel like it. It's boring.
1,My dad showed me...It was so boring
1,I got in trouble because I was bored...I don't want to understand
3,It was really boring. -_- Is it because it's such an old movie?
1,I got in trouble because I was bored...I don't want to understand
1,I saw it when I was a kid
1,I'm angry even though life is short.
1,Go back to your original position
1,I'm 50cm tall
1,Then you'll have a cinema papa from now on
1,Good
1,It's old.
5,It is touching but very boring.
1,Scissors hands are the best
1,I dozed off -_-
1,It's an old movie
1,It's better if you watch the original
1,I watched it 100 times. It's not fun
1,I don't think so
1,It's an old movie
1,It's not funny. It's annoying
1,Shosank mania!
1,I dare to lower it. 1 point
1,I feel sleepy.
1,I'm sorry. It's not fun.
5,It's a movie for a movie
1,I don't like European movies
1,You're freaking me out
1,You're freaking me out
1,The times are different
1,Good
1,I'm just sleepy
1,Sleeping pill
1,A movie that I watched once
1,It's the best touching moment!
6,Did I expect too much? I'll watch it again when I'm so tired
1,It's boring
5,There are a lot of differences from Korean sentiment
1,I don't like it.
1,That's not good.
1,a separate room
1,This is not very good.
1,It's too bland
5,Well
6,I don't know. I don't know.
5,-_- I don't know. Memories... Growth... Success? Memories touching?
4,Sleepy
1,It's been so long since we saw each other
1,It's not a perfect score.
6,Morikone's "The Heavenly OST" overwhelms the scenario
5,Huh.
5,Even a masterpiece cannot satisfy everyone. But a beautiful video.
6,Three hours was a little boring.
1,I'm sick of it.
1, be moved
2,I remember the last scene
1,difficulty.
6,Why can't I cry? The song is good.
6,a story of growth with a special personality
2,You don't have any affection? The flowers are originally witch's
6,Disney is back to what it does best.
1,Technology has to look good. You feel the same way as Fiat.
1,The Justice Department has come together for an exclusive purpose.
1,I've been watching a series of Disney movies lately. This is no answer
5,It's better to see a girl at this time
6,I wanted to sing with you because I had a dream
1,High-speed Sogokso High-speed Subso
1,I don't like it. I don't like it all. It's childish
4,It's about a girl who finds her identity while searching for her dream  It's a pity that the supporting role is so artificial that I thought it would have been better if I only saw the first part. There are a few parts of the story that are not suitable for the probability
2,I enjoyed watching it. Haha
1,It's not fun to chew. I watched it because of my cousin and it ended like that
1,It's a little boring and boring.
1,The content was not good enough and it wasn't good enough.One of the few worst animations
5,A movie that can get up to 5 points
1,You're giving me an average Annie a score for a masterpiece. Oh my god
1,The rating is high. I think it's about 7.5.
1,I was so bored when I sang.
1,I don't like movies that are not likely to happen. The picture is so pretty
1,[Not recommended] It's not that good. It's childish
6,...I don't understand why this is 9.3
1,Only the visual beauty was good.
1,Rapunzel is so ugly. She's like Younggu...
1,I think Frozen is more fun
1,That's not good. Too high
1,Frozen is more fun!
4,We'll see if it'll be a masterpiece like Lion King
6,I put together a lot of fairy tales. An animation worth watching.
1,Believe in your professional score. For lowering the rating
1,I hope you don't fall for the rating.
3,I am too old to be touched by this.
5,Wild and curious princess. It's Disney-like
6,The rating is too high.
6,a movie that children can watch lightly
6,I think the OST is really good
6,It's so corny and fairytale-like
5,This is 9.3? There's a need to calm down
1,It's not good
1,It's not fun at all
1,I'm going to watch it on 3D IMAX
1,Musical genre doesn't suit me
5,Only music stands out
6,content that is lean and simple
1,I don't understand why this is more than nine points. It's worth 6 points.
2,Why isn't it playing?  It's a bear play... ^^;;
6,Childish story...CG is the best? Pixar can't even reach the tip of her toes
5,Maybe it's because of dubbing. I didn't like it
6,I want to go back to my childhood and see you again.
1,I don't think I'm out of cliché yet
6,Rapunzel's self-realization story
1,The animation that made me feel that I covered it too much
5,Not this much.
2,It's so boring
1,I'm suspicious of your ratings. Such a cliche and cliché has a higher rating than Nemo
6,My sympathy goes to the witch mom who raised me.
5,Technology is alive. But the story is not enough. I can't reach my heart.
5,Is this a 9-point movie? It's just so childish.
1,Why did you marry a thief there?
1,Disney Ruins Pixar
1,Showing a crime = Helping the main character = Forgiven = Overall viewer (What will the children learn?)
4,It's fun if it's just like that
3,It wasn't fun. It was boring It was so unrealistic that I couldn't believe it
5,90% of NAVER's comments say that it's for elementary school students.
1,The rating is too high
1,I was a bit disappointed to see Rapunzel with a haircut
4,I was a little interested at first... It's getting...I'm getting tired of it.;;;
6,To the point where I cry...;; It's just worth watching
6,a children's animation with a simple content
6,Disney's obvious ending is the best!
6,It's just
6,It's just cute
1,a predictable Disney animation 7 points or rating needs to be adjusted.
6,It was just a good idea
5,I don't know about the content. The graphic was so detailed that I was more busy watching it. Rapunzel is so pretty
1,It's obvious and boring. What are the people who give 9 and 10 points for this crap?
1,I fell asleep after watching it at school
4,Rapunzel's clothes felt real.
6,I lived happily ever after
1,Typical Disney animation. It's another touch and beauty from Pixar. About 8.4 points...
6,Disney is getting more and...
5,Flat hit. There was nothing left. It was beautiful. The beauty that our people like.
6,Disney's first bloody movie
6,It's a children's animation that's sympathetic to the witch
1,The OOO flag is not as good as porn
2,Well...
6,Music and graphics were good cartoons after a long time. The story is...
5,What a shame about the witch's death. I thought she was my mom and lived with her
5,I think Disney animations need to change. It's boring
6,I saw my 8-year-old son. They say it's three stars
6,It's fun. Blonde is better
6,The obsession with a happy ending made the movie a hit.
1,Ugh!
6,Between sensitivity and overestimation
1,The worst part of the Rapunzel series.What in the world?
6,It's almost the same
6,Cute Punzel's Blonde Finally Brings Disney Back to Life Back
6,It's not Disney anymore. I focus on Rapunzel's character and the development and production is Andromeda.
6,A love story about a prince and princess in a fairy tale.
1,I don't understand why it's rated high
6,Bo was childish the whole time. But the ears are pleasant.
1,trifling
6,It's kind of boring for adults
1,Why is the score high?
6,It's the original Walt Disney story
6,Your part-time job is awesome
6,The graphics are really God's...
2,It's my first time sleeping in a movie with 3D glasses on. Disney is disappointed.
6,It wasn't as impactful as Shrek
5,Why am I not funny? Why am I not funny?
1,My hair is disgusting
6,It's just worth seeing.
1,For killing time... The ratings are too high. Are they part-timers?
1,That's childish
1,It's just so-so
1,the worst of the worst
1,A
1,a poor job compared to Sen and Chihiro
5,It's not fun...
6,Realistic screen!Beautiful! The scene where the song comes out is kind of boring...
1,It's not fun even though I watched it in 3D. I don't know if they're... And the rating is too high
1,It's a little too much for the kids to see at the end
4,The story is boring I didn't believe it when I saved him with tears
3,Boredom
6,.. Why was I lame and childish. They'll like it when they see it.
1,What are the other horoscopes?
1,What a waste of stars
5,That's a high rating. I wish it was just..."About 7 points."
1,It's not fun to give it to me because I don't have zero points
1,I don't think that's good for a Disney movie
6,It's just a movie for kids...Movies like this have high ratings.
1,It's like a children's movie
5,I'm not impressed by the obvious story...
6,There are too many part-time jobs. Back to the Future + Avatar
1,There are so many part-timers...
1,Graphic langgo is better
5,This sounds like fun.
1,It's like a six to seven-point movie
1,It's the worst. I didn't know how to sing
4,I personally don't recommend this It's kind of boring because only the song came out
2,It's fun but it's
1,be genuinely boring-- I want to give it to you if I have 0 stars
1,Why is this trash so high? Elementary level
1,There are so many part-timers
1,- It's just a movie. - It's boring because it's a lame storyThe storyline is not as natural as it is
1,It's not fun
6,Now Disney's happy ending is cliche --
1,That's no fun. Paying money to watch "Eunyeonghwa."
3,I guess parents who raise children give ratings.I'm disappointed even if I look at it lightly
5,Am I the only one who didn't have fun?
1,It's no fun
6,There are some boring parts...I don't like 3D either.The ending is obvious...I don't understand how high the rating is
1,a Disney movie
5,Is Disney on its way down? a boring and boring movie for an adult to watch
6,It's worth watching. But it was kind of boring for me
5,It feels like we're ending it suddenly at the running time
1,NAVER rating full of part-timers. Phew.
4,It's too high for the grade...It's a movie for kids
1,I don't know
2,Why is the rating so high? It's not fun
6,It's just a boring animation
6,It was worth watching
1,It's not a good grade
6,A movie that children and mothers watch together
2,This is totally Aladdin plagiarism
5,Funny girl animation. I think we should watch older girls first
1,It smells bad
5,There are many gaps in the story and 3D's unique impactful production It's amazing that the rating is higher than you think
6,A lukewarm animation movie
6,Imagination and Annie are the best. The story is lost in quick editing
6,Just.
6,The story is about power and punishment.It's been a while since I saw a Disney movie
1,I don't like it.Is it because you know the original...
5,I think people who like musicals will like it.I don't like musicals
6,I think I gave you 10 points too much. It's normal.
6,It wasn't that fun.
5,It was fun?
1,What's so funny about this? It's definitely not a nine-point movie.
5,It's music from the start
4,Rapunzel who showed me everything in the movie introduction program...
3,Ha ha.
5,I saw Disney's limitations
6,It's so-so.
6,Disney's Getting Started Project. It's a mythical game that repeats itself.
1,The rating is too high. The ending looks like a cartoon.
6,I don't think it was good
3,Overly sloppy story and fragmentary character settings.
6,There's a kiss scene and it's a bit...
1,It was a lame story
6,It's nothing more than a typical Disney series
1,I was sleepy. It's hard to be this boring with this material
1,All the IDs gave a rating of 10 points only for this movie
1,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it too much. The story is too weak...
1,It's a waste of money to pay for it
1,It seems like 10 points are paid for by kids. 3D. What a waste of money
6,It's just
2,Maybe it's because I know the story...
1,It doesn't suit me.
6,It was just... worth watching.It's nothing more than that.
4,Does it make sense to get 10 out of every 10 pages in a row? The rating is so high.
1,This is 9.3 points... So it's obvious that you're going to manipulate the ratings of your part-time job.
3,Oops... OO. Sudden ending. Annoyed.
6,...the ending is completely...hhhh;;
5,I guess I was looking forward to it too much
6,It's hard to give satisfaction to adults~ It makes me realize the importance of hair
2,Disney movie is the least interesting
3,It's not as good as I thought.
6,It was a typical Disney ending and story. It's a cute movie where I was little nervous and moved
6,It's just something to watch
6,It's like Disney animation
1,It's a part-time job
6,What should I say? Um... The quality of the movie is a bit high
4,I was so bored and childish!
1,-- Elementary school students will like it
6,a movie that women and young children will like
1,I can feel that Walt Disney is falling behind Pixar and DreamWorks
1,I think it's really disappointing.Although animation is not my type.
6,I hate part-time jobs. -_- You can't tell if it's a good movie or a bad movie
1,Don't watch this if you're 13 years old or older!
6,Repeat all the obvious patterns and elements unique to Disney Annie. 6 points because Rapunzel is cute
1,There are a lot of people who enjoyed watching it.I was bored to death.
3,Kagoshima Corporation
1,It's not funny
5,You run the end of cliché and cliché. Rapunzel is Johnny's pretty
6,somehow
1,Why do I give 1 point when no one gave me 1 point? Disagreements on machine identification point-time part-time jobs
5,To ruin a good material with an American happy ending.ignoring the absoluteness of time
6,a movie that gives high marks to a few people who haven't seen it
6,The setup error was significant. The movie "Butterfly Effect" with a similar theme is more complete.
1,Komack can wear out coco noodles.
6,A crude plot... sloppy after-up
1,But your communication is specific and touching.
1,You cut the Eighty-Nian Landlord Workers' Party.
1,It will be a good movie for a man who met his father well
1,It's a boring movie. It's not a movie with 9 points
6,Killing time base and healing time bonus
6,A movie that's a little disappointing
1,The absence of a dog woman makes a forced impression
3,It's better to look at something else
5,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? I feel like I'm committing a crime.;
2,I was tricked by a rating. The story was so sloppy that there were not a few laughing parts.  I thought it was a comedy movie. And the details are too low. It makes me laugh just to see the whitefish throwing the ball in the second half. A person who has played baseball as a hobby all his life throws a ball like a girl.
6,An emotional story that Korean people will especially like. But I'm not...
5,The rating is so high that I can't understand it. It's not a movie that was recognized worldwide like Six Sense or Identity Usual. It's only famous in Korea. The most memorable thing is the last time I played baseball with my father and the video that reminded me of my childhood
6,Why do I know what the movie will be like when I'm not even from the future?
6,I'm not sure.
1,a boring coin-throwing movie
1,It's no more fun than The Rock.lol
1,The rating is too high for the configuration.  Maybe it's because I used a similar code and watched the movies that came out first...
1,I think 9.3 is too high.
1,The rating is too high~~~
1,The rating is too high.Look at the teen ratings
6,It's a movie similar to I agree. It's no more fun than I agree. The end.
4,The good thing about making stories fun is that it's similar to Inner Face. It's a feature of Dennis Quaid's cast. A mingled mixture of light thrillers and homemellows in SF fantasy. It's a type of movie that will make single-celled people crazy. I don't like high quality and high quality. But can't you make it without the cliche?
6,Not as fun as I thought. Bored from the beginning to the end
5,I twisted my body because it was boring and boring to watch.A film I don't understand why such a high rating.
6,It's not fun or touching
1,It's ridiculous
1,a republican distortion of personal history
1,S and S
5,It's just... it's too much
1,a trite
6,It's not fun It's just plain
1,Kids' movies are not fun.
6,You made this 12 years ago the whole time you saw it? he exclaimed. But the material was corny and full of errors.
5,I was looking forward to the score. This is a cartoon.
1,It's really not that good. Did I watch another movie?
1,The rating is higher than I thought... I think it's about 8.7.
1,9.3 is too much. Let's lower the rating. 7 to 7.5 is perfect
1,It's touching but boring
3,It's 3 points
5,It's just that kind of movie.
1,I agree. It'same.I agree with you much earlier
6,Life is solved by father-son relationships?
1,8.5 is good enough
6,plots that are not cleverly avoided
3,The details are so sloppy.The guy who looks like Rocky is impressive.
6,Even considering it's an old movie. It's a movie that makes my hands and feet cringe.
1,Dog-jiru! Talking on the walkie-talkie is half the battle
5,This kind of movie is a masterpiece!!!
1,I looked at the rating and it was childish
5,I was so bored in the middle...
1,This? Are you kidding me?
1,The rating is too high. 7.5 points is appropriate.
1,A movie with a high rating of 7 points
5,The idea is shining
1,The rating is too high. About 8 points is appropriate
1,To say it's a masterpiece...Overrated
1,It's not that...
1,I don't recommend it
1,Let's put everything aside. The national team is the best
1,Sorry... national team fan ^^
1,1 out of 10 points. But the national team is the best^^
1,It's not that special.
1,It's a bit too much.National University of Korea
1,The national team is the best
6,I managed to enjoy it.
1,The national team is the best... Hollywood movie = movie with money all right?
1,The national team is the best!
2,For the killing time
1,Childish movie for elementary school students...I was so bored that I was going crazy all this time.It'll only create a forced emotion
1,an eye patch
1,Not really. Just killing time.
6,Failed to match with poor detail of unique and touching material
1,It was just worth watching.
6,Why do you say it's funny? I really didn't like it.
6,Immersibility is reduced due to assumptions that are less realistic.
1,There are many kinds of speculative time travelChanging the past changes the realityLook at the butterfly effect
4,I enjoyed it.
5,It's not about paternal love. It's pretty boring in the beginning. The latter part is a series of touching moments.
6,6 points for childishness; 6 points
6,Some errors at the end of the story... ...seeming to connect with the butterfly effect.
4,Hollywood style SF family action movie.
1,I don'
1,It's a good story
6,Maybe it's because I saw an old movie made in 2009 and 2000 but the fun is normal
1,It's not a masterpiece. It's just an ordinary movie. It's just people who don't know how to watch movies.
1,People who are moved by watching movies with a lot of foam are pathetic.
6,It's not that fun to praise.
6,The story is too high for the rating is too high
1,I couldn't watch it till the end
1,That's not fun.
6,I think it's a bit forced and not a movie to praise.
1,A movie that uses family love commercially...I didn't like it the whole time.
1,It's boring
1,The movie that got the highest rating on NAVER? I was listening to "Damn it"
1,I don't know what's best.
1,Did you sleep?
2,I don't know.
1,Are you kidding me?
6,Fooled at 9.23 -_-; but worth watching. Isn't it a little sloppy compared to the butterfly effect?
1,Fold it
1,It's boring and boring. I'd rather agree.
1,I'm so touched. I never watch fantasy movies again.It's a movie that's been tricked.
1,Rating too high... It's not that touching
4,It's not this rating
1,It's not fun... I was tricked by the rating
1,I enjoyed watching the movie "I agree" in my country.Lee Young-ho is not good
5,an audience for minors
1,I just thought that the 8-point range was just right. I was fooled after looking forward to it
5,I was surprised to see the movie with a high rating
1,It's too high
6,Did I raise my expectations too high? I feel a bit forced from the end
1,I don't like it
1,boring
1,It's boring
1,It wasn't what I thought it would be
5,I was tricked by Naver's rating. The butterfly effect would be better. I was bored to death.
2,It was boring...
1,an unspeakable film
4,It's a really boring movie with 'objective' I still don't understand this ridiculous rating
1,a ridiculous rating
1,It wasn't good
1,It wasn't good.
1,It's annoying
1,I'm not kidding.;
1,It's such a boring development...
2,The constant twist of the story is annoying; it's really childish of my father to raise me up at the end;;
6,It's just
1,Not good.
1,Not really;
5,Just a movie worth watching.
6,I think it's okay for a family movie
4,I'm disappointed to see it's disappointing
1,Good
1,It's really not good.
1,I don't think it's this bad
1,Does this make sense?
5,Fantasy far from time travel theory. It's a shame to direct it.
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? I don't think it's family love...I think it would have been fun if I saw it in the first release.
1,the worst
4,I don't really know.
4,Be sick and tired of.
1,It's boring. It's normal.
1,open-end package
6,A story that's confusing. But I enjoyed watching it
1,It's just
1,Am I the only one disappointed?
1,I didn't understand
1,Is it because of the high expectations?
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
6,Is it because I watched the 2000 movie in 2007?
6,I saw the butterfly effect. It's a little too cliche.
1,Not good.
1,So-so.
1,not much
1,I was tricked by the rating
1,It's so boring
5,It's not fun because I looked forward to it so much before
1,Time is a waste
1,what is it
5,I wasn't having fun. The last part was really empty.
2,How can this be fun?
1,This is really not it... The rating is about 6.7.
3,9.19? I don't understand... It's not fun. Don't watch it
1,A movie that was tricked by Naver's score
1,I agree. It's not 9 points
1,Is someone trying to raise the score? It's not a masterpiece.
1,Agree... I agree that it's definitely not a masterpiece with 9 points.
1,How can a movie like this get more than 9 points? 7 points is enough. So 1 point 1 point
6,I think my horoscope is too much compared to the movie...Personally
5,It is difficult to understand because it is not fun and the content is construction and movement.Is baseball in the end a twist?
1,I don't like it either.
1,not much
1,There are many better movies than this. It's overrated
6,It's worth seeing. It doesn't seem to have met the memento or butterfly effect
1,Movies and reality are different.
1,Jim is generous.
1,I fell asleep while watching it.
1,I am strict.
1,There are no interesting movies. This is 2nd place
1,That's not right
1,Why is this so high?
1,It's not fun
1,A dull movie only has a high rating
1,It's a war.
6,Be satisfied with getting 6 points
1,It's really a video movie
6,I agree with you much better
3,Anabo was bored to death all this time.평 Why is the rating so high?
6,Your name. Interesting memories...
4,The joy of genre movies is alive. Directing ability to expand it at the same time +4
1,What's so funny?
6,I don't think it's fresh material.
5,It's like we forced it together. It's not as artistic as it's...
1,I saw it because it's the highest rating. I don't think it's for first place. Let's cut the score
6,It's okay
5,It was sloppy and boring. I can't stand the first 20 minutes.
1,Childish Pppongjjak
1,I enjoyed watching it
5,There are so many movies like this. It's amazing that the rating is over 8...
6,Don't look forward to the butterfly effect.
6,I was looking forward to it. I agree with you and the butterfly effect?K
6,I got a thriller after a long time
5,This is a rating manipulation.
5,I was disappointed because I got a good grade.
1,Grade 1... I wanted to get it too...
1,Top
1,The score is too high
5,I'm disappointed because I have high expectations.
1,I'm here to cut the score. It was a good movie
1,It's definitely a good movie. But not this much Average cutting...
1,9.18 is too much
5,What are you going to do about your father's role? This isn't right
6,What's touching about it?Obvious story. The rating is too generous.Excited!
6,It's just
1,Why is this first place?
1,Why did I win first place?
1,I'll give you one point for the first place in Dalsalyeon
1,Shawshank is already down. 55th place. Life is much better
1,Life's beautiful should be number one
1,It's the worst movie in the world. Why would you watch this?
1,What's that? Boredom
1,The rating is too high
5,a ridiculous description
1,Honestly... I don't really...
1,It's like an elementary cartoon. It's not fun
1,Free fans came and gave me 1 point for Titanic and came to repay you
1,Titanic is the best. Let's give them 1 point
1,It's a bit boring in the middle.But it's okay to let'You're not number one anyway.
1,I've been watching it for 20 minutes. It's a rough storyI know. Are you in the top 10 with 300 evaluators?
6,-_-; That's so clueless.-_- But it's not the first place
1,Someone's manipulation.
6,Agree + Butterfly Effect...It's not that good for me
1,Not really
1,Looking forward to going in...
5,The first part was more fun and the second part was really bad than I thought.
6,I wonder if kids know about the magical events of old men
1,ifdegyhjuietihihihihi
1,It's just that Harry Potter isn't fun in the first part
1,I didn't know that you would be remembered in my deep heart.
1,It's like the development that a middle school student wrote
4,It's not fun compared to the 1st and 2nd episodes. I only watch the 1st and 2nd episodes
5,I don't think Harry Potter is very...
1,Good job. It's finally over
1,OOO sublet. It's disgusting to be fast with just one snape. You're just putting up a character
1,Where on earth is the invisibility cloak of death?
1,Story is dog trash. It's just the opening of memories
6,It's an end with a lot of bubbles. 6 points for loyalty for 10 years
6,You can't do anything with technology.
2,a highly rated film It's just a little crude.
1,What's this? It's not fun at all
6,It's about Harry Potter. There's nothing to download because the original is so great. Why do you make movies so dark?crying
1,1 point because of the buff
2,It's kind of ridiculous. Why didn't Snape even tell McGonagall or Harry about it? The writer set it up so incoherently because of the twist
1,This is why I hate animations
6,It was the most serious and most boring in the series It's natural for people to like or dislike it
1,I didn't like Harry Potter. I just had lightning coming out of my cane
1,not much
1,It's getting more childish and obvious.The last duel is almost empty.
1,to be boring and childish
1,What's wrong with this? The rating is 9.6?? Crazy... another bubble following Dark Knight.
1,An eye-level fantasy suitable for Koreans with low intellectual standards. For kimchi that doesn't know it's as low as it is enthusiastic
1,Adults are probably as boring as I am.
6,a film that culminates in the series but leaves many regrets
1,I can't watch it because I'm sleepy.
1,That kind of movie is off and it's ridiculous
4,The Lord of the Rings impressed me and Harry Potter gave me nothing but irritation
5,I don't know why this novel is so popular all over the world.There are many more interesting and outstanding works in Korean fantasy literature.
1,The main characters are so bad at acting...
1,z
1,Young kids will find it interesting.
5,It's boring and I'm not curious about it.
1,The secret room is much more interesting.
5,I don't know if I'm old.
1,It's obvious that I'm squeezing all over the fairy tale book...
2,Is this fun? A childish movie like this?
1,What's this?
1,It's a movie that has reached its limit
1,Harry Potter is the only sleepy movie in the movie. This is 9 points. It's a big bubble movie
1,It's not in the 9 point range
1,This is ridiculous. Are you saying that you understand this and that it's fun? You didn't make it so bad
5,The movie is disappointing because I am so interested in the original...
4,I don't understand
1,Look at the Lord of the Rings series. It's no match for Harry Potter
1,The rating is too high;;
1,Director --
1,That's too high. Let's lower the rating
6,Too much emphasis; where is the content and the lesson?
5,The movie "Harry Potter" has been a mess since the director changed to David Yates.
5,This is one of the movies that I can't believe in NAVER ratings
1,You've never read a book with a ten-point mark. How can you make such memories of a prince?
1,Too bad... I should have changed the director in the first part of Deathly Hallows.
1,It's not fun. What's the score of 9? So I give you one point.
6,Deathly Hallows 1 and 2 were honestly the most boring...
1,I can't put all the contents of a book in a movieBut this isn't right.
6,Am I weird? ;; It's a little boring
1,Is this fun?
4,I watched it boring and boring. It's ridiculous that the ratings are good.
1,It's a boring movie for kids
5,Is it because the expectations are so high that the movie after the 4th movie seems to be too much for the book
3,It was boring and boring. It took patience to see the end
1,You should have finished such a boring movie earlier. I'm afraid there'll be a follow-up.
3,The book is much more fun. It's a waste of money
1,I'm sick of it
5,What's the movie that I received yesterday that I can't download today?  naver??
1,the quality of the original work
1,The end is boring
3,I don't know what Harry Potter is doing until the end. It's okay if you have a good connection.
1,Rating 6 - David Yates has certainly proved to be poor in directing
1,I can't find the impression I felt while reading a movie book that ruined the original work. It's just empty
1,The boring movie is coming to an end!Why is this movie fun?
4,be grossly boring The level of Chuseok special
5,Is this really fun? Is it popularity by crowd psychology?
1,I think Harry Potter is really awesome.Anyone can watch it without age restrictions.
6,Harry Potter that I see every holiday!It's neither funny nor interesting why I had to watch it
1,I'm so sleepy
5,...I'm a little sad
1,Please show us Harry PotterI want to see Harry PotterPlease show us Harry Potter
4,It was really bad
1,The director read the book
1,Is this fun?
1,Not really
1,It's not that
1,Not very.;;
6,Voldemort is dying in vain.
4,I didn't want to. The story was boring.What a waste of money.
1,Boredom
1,What a waste of money
5,I don't think it can surpass the quality and impact of Harry Potter in the early days
6,It's fun and... There are times when it's not fun...
1,Is this a baby fight?
6,Somehow
5,I don't really...
1,I'm really disappointed because this one is so boringcrying
5,The chronic problem of the Harry Potter series is that it fails to revive the detailed development that can only be felt in the book "Urgent Development."
5,somehow
1,What a waste of money But why the rating?Don't trust your part-timers
1,I really don't understand elementary school movies.
1,I'm really sorry. I want to curse the women who cursed at me. They don't even deserve to film me
4,I'm bored
6,I don't think it's good to watch it in 3D.
1,Looking at the book...
1,○ Loss of money
1,○ Loss of money
6,Maybe it's because I don't read novels. It's a little hard to keep up with the characters.
6,It's too bad.
1,My original rating is 7 but every ridiculous rating gives me the lowest score...
1,[One person who wants to see]
2,I fell asleep while watching it
1,It wasn't good
1,It's been so boring since the Goblet of Fire.You let it slide because you said it was the last time.Damn it.
6,I prefer the Half-Blood Prince
1,Awesome! It's not fun. I thought I was watching a magic push and pull dragon ball
1,I'm disappointed
1,What do you mean 10 points?
6,It's a bit disappointing considering it's the last part of the series
1,not much
6,What I want to say is really It means it's not fun
1,Old Harry has nothing to look at an explosion of irritation due to scenes that cut the pulse from time to time
5,I don't like it
4,I don't like it
1,I haven't seen it yet
1,I can't give you 10 points because of conscience.
1,The movie itself is not in the 9th grade
4,A movie that just takes the contents of a book and edits it.
6, yin
1,It's not that bad.
5,I don't understand why the ratings are so high;;;; is CG a little better for foreign movies shut up and praise them?
5,Harry Potter is a little boring
6,I don't like it
6,I just wanted to know the ending.It's a little boring.
4,A very boring movie...
1,I watched it with my family and it was so boring It's a waste of money.a total disappointment
2,There's nothing to eat at the famous party. It's totally below my expectations.I was so sick of it.
3,It ends with a dragon ball...
1,-- It's a waste of money. The story is a mess and the story goes by so roughly. It's ridiculous I kept dozing off in the middle
1,below expectations
1,All the part-timers are here.It's a sleepy trash movie
1,It's getting worse
4,Stop it... I've eaten The kid...
1,the beginning of a year
6,I don't like the development different from the book
3,It's fun but it's boring
1,It's not fun at all right
1,Sleep while watching
5,Why is the rating so high? I was sleepy because I couldn't concentrate as much as part one. About 5 points
4,a still childish movie
1,Zero points
1,I want to give you 0 points. A movie like 1st GEN. What a waste of money
2,That's not funny
3,Everyone seems to like it because it's the last episode. Harry Potter was over four years ago.
5,I'm really disappointed that even the ridiculous story video in the book and the other ending.
5,The movie is finally over. I will miss Love Good.
6,It wasn't as fun as I expected. The last ones who became adults...I don't think that's right.
1,Let's adjust the horoscope
1,I dozed off because I was bored. What a waste of my hair extensions
1,I don't want to waste my money
3,I dozed off in the middle.
6,It's just worth seeing
6,The series of helicopters and wizards is finally over.
4,It wasn't very interesting to be honest
2,There's nothing to watch. I had no choice but to watch it. I was tricked into the last one. I'm so glad it's the last one
4,It's childish and a waste of money. Even the CG I expected was the worst because it was pushed back by Transformer
3,I thought it was fun.I lost my money.
5,This wasn't what I was thinking
6,It's a sad ending that I couldn't make it to the journey for 10 years
1,An example of regretting watching a movie after watching it. (Why is the score so high when it's not fun?)
1,A movie that was a waste of even a star -_-
1,It's really the worst.Not really...
6,It's not that fun.
1,Poor Voldemort. He's Revolt's brother. Why is he doing that? You live independently now
1,I got fooled by NAVER's rating. And why does the pretty heroine and Jinta become romance?
5,I couldn't leave the question of whether I could understand the story without reading a book.
6,All I can remember is the magical power struggle between Voldemort and Harry Potter
1,I was just saying how I felt about seeing him in the morning What part-time job? It's a work that disparages the original work.
6,I didn't know the last episode would be like this.
6,It's finally over. But I tried too hard to finish too soon. I liked the 7-1 story.
1,Not much for the last time.Waste of money --
6,No impact on ending...
6,I was disappointed if it was because I was really really looking forward to it.It's a bummer and a bit empty. It'Yeah.
1,There is a movie that needs money money money money again.
4,Did the director not read the book? Where are all those great scenes and why does Tom Riddle die like that?
1,The director's sense of showing the obvious ending? Voldemort is dead
1,This episode is a complete mess... ...with a complete story
1,.... Unnecessary...
1,The part-timers are working so hard.  I can't believe I got 10 points for this movie. 1 point is a waste of money
6,The Deathly Hallows would have better represented the dark atmosphere and tension if Nolan had directed it
6,Voldemort died in vain.
3,This movie really gave me a strong feeling that Hermione was feeding me.
5,You've changed the book like crazy to shorten it
1,Rather fire a nuclear missile at Voldemort
1,This isn't it. This isn't it
6,There's something wrong with watching it in 3D
4,Let's run fast and explain later. The storyline is not easy and the ending is lacking
5,It's such a bummer that it's better to make a drama because it's too much of an important part
5,It's not fun. I fell asleep while watching it. It's a waste of money
1,I played cell phone game while watching a movie.I'm so sick of it.Zero tension.I wish it was the worst movie ever.
4,If Voldemort had fought more
6,It's kind of weird to read a novel first... You've edited quite a few plots.
1,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot
1,objectively uninteresting
6,That's unnatural
6,The last one doesn't meet my expectations...It would've been nice to do the first one of the holy objects.
1,Not really.. ::
6,I think half of the book is fun. It feels like I gave you a lot of 6 points.
1,My parents are making money and paying all the kids back
2,Is this a movie?
1,I slept for almost an hour --
1,A really bad movie
1,It's not funny. Why is the rating so high? -- This series is getting boring
1,I was the only one who didn't enjoy it. It's bitter...
4,How did this movie get a rating of 9.28?
1,not much
5,I can't believe it's over
1,Snape's only hope caught my attention
1,The trash is in the trash can
5,The amazing director who turned Harry into a dwarf genocidal killer --;; Dobby's dead is nothing
1,I don't really like it crying
6,Not much of an impact. That's not much.I'm not looking forward to hear that I'm disappointed
1,Eek
3,I personally don't like it because I think the supporting actor is dead because only the main character was mentioned.
4,I personally don't like it
6,Sleepy in the middle...
5,The quality of the film itself is not satisfactory at all. It's just a work for the fans.
1,Serious rating bubble 7~8 points is normal
1,It's not good.
1,It's so boring. Why is the rating so high?
1,There's no answer to this
1,This movie is behind the scenes
1,I prefer novels
1,The rating is ridiculous. It's high. 5-6 points.
5,Expectations raised in the last and first part of the series are somewhat broken.
1,I will sacrifice myself to level the horoscope
1,Let's save Korean movies!
1,I slept--
1,Merge's rating is... ...too much
5,It's really fun
6,I just felt empty.
1,Worst scenario than Former 3
1,The movie that was really not interesting... I watched all the series for no reason.  It's just a feeling.
1,Transformer 3 seems to be much bigger in scale than our country's movie Quick or 7 minarets
1,What's so funny about this?It's over after a couple of magic shots with a stick.
1,I really regretted it after watching this. What a waste of money...
5,Did I expect too much? I guess it was a fantasy.
1,It's too bad... I regret reading a book. There are too many omissions
3,So bad! I think the worst movie of my life was swindled
1,I don't think so
5,It wasn't as good as I thought.
4,It's not as fun as I thought
5,A movie that could have been a hit no matter who made it. Ending the Long Journey with Long Music
1,It's a waste of one point
1,...............................the worst Harry Potter in the series...........................
5,I think there's a lack of something and the finish line is very empty.
6,I think I didn't do a good job with the book
1,It's not that fun
5,It's not as good as I expected
6,I don't understand why the rating is so good... It's so different even if it's different from a real book.
5,It's just a movie for the end.
1,I missed the little impression of the novel and the writer's message.skip the show in time omit the meaning of the work
1,Am I expecting too much because it's the last time? I really want another director to film it again.
1,shivering
1,It's no fun. What a waste of money. It's 3D
5,I think I didn't do a good job with the novel. But CG is no joke(Laughing
1,Me too. TWICE 3 is the best
3,Voldemort Gagceric and Neville has a higher proportion than Ron and Hermione.
1,Fun.
4,I don't think it's very interesting. Transformers 3 is more fun
6,It's sad that I can only give you a rating like this...It wasn't as good as I expected.
1,I don't know why I like Transformer 3 more when it's more fun
5,The story is not bad because the book is originally written. It must be boring if you don't like this kind of movie
5,That's too bad. There are a lot of scenes that were deleted even though I tried to stick to this book because it was divided into two parts.
1,Did I expect too much?I didn't have a lot of fun
6,The previous one had a much more cinematic element.I don't think there's anything else to look at but spectacular.
3,It's boring. It's not fun I can't understand the rating
1,It's boring but not fun
1,Really dog OOO... Totally boring...
5,It's just so so haha I feel uncomfortable after watching it
1,I'm bored and sleepy.
1,Please watch it!^(Laughing
3,a film that deletes or reduces all the important parts of the novel and contains only unnecessary forced action
1,Good
1,I've never seen such a trash movie before. I thought you were kissing Harry and Voldemort at the endmy own money
6,I don't know why there are so many praises. It wasn't good
1,It's really boring. I don't say that movies are not fun.
1,It's really my first time writing it. Most people just slept and couldn't help but wake up. Part-timers
5,a sleepy movie
5,It ended too blandly for a few years of regiments. It's a bit disappointing...
1,not interesting
5,It was much better than the first part. But why is Transformers' score significantly lower than that of Harry Potter?
6,It's so obvious that the part-timer wrote it
1,It's obvious
1,It's not fun to read and watch movies.
4,You'll regret it. What a waste of money
6,It's perfect for a summer blockbuster. It's the best in the series.
1,Harry Potter is never seen again. Why did you get the Snape tears? Just what I got?
5,It seems like it was edited in a hurry It's a piece that leaves a lot of regrets.
1,Is this fun? It's totally boring. It's so childish
1,You have to give an objective rating so that it's a memory and grows together. Blah blah. It's exactly 7 points
1,The book and the story are very different and boring
5,a historical drama-level combat god
5,The rating is too high. A movie that's worth watching
1,Just.
2,There's no jam
1,Not fun - - ... I can't even keep up with the book. The part-timers are working hard
1,It was just plain fun... The rating is too high; it's probably not a nine points;;
1,- The rating is so high that I'm going to lower it. About 6 or 7?
1,It's been a while... I was fooled by NAVER's review. There's got to be something behind it.I didn't have it
1,A movie that came out with a sigh without saying anything with my boyfriend. Just... watch the video.-_-
5,Bored and expected lack of glamour. I got stars because I was sad that Harry Potter was over for a long time
1,Why is it so boring...
5,Did the director read the book? How did he end the Harry Potter series like this?It's such a shame
1,a glittering array of magic
1,I don't understand why they make movies that can't keep up with half the contents of the book.
1,Why did I watch such a childish movie? What a waste of money
1,I slept... because I was sleepy.
5,There are a lot of part-timers. 10 points? It's exactly 5 points for the price 5 points = To kill time
6,It was nice to have everything organized. It's a bit disappointing
6,Bye for now
4,It's a cartoon
1,It was really boring. Disappointed...
1,It is waste of money.
5,How can you be more sad before watching a movie?
1,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 10 years ago is more interesting
1,It's fun. To prevent 10 points
5,It's a bummer...CG T-shirt is getting worse.
6,Hermione marries Ron and Harry marries an ordinary-looking woman.
1,What the hell is this crap movie funny? I was watching and came out. Give me nine grand!
4,I was disappointed because I had high expectations There weren't many combat scenes and it was empty3 I don't recommend 3D. It doesn't look like 3D
1,I'm just angry because I'm bored without emphasizing anything important in the book
1,Why this is so funny is the funniest part of the series
1,The first half is so boring
4,Transformers 3 is much better. What is Harry Potter about? It is a more obvious story mania movie. Harry Potter
1,This is so different from the book
5,It's different from the book
5,What's the rating of 9.30?
4,Not good.
3,The ending was quite empty. a last-minute film
1,It's too much. It's like watching an old Harry Potter movie.
1,9 points or not
1,Haha
6,It's sad to end it
5,It's not that disappointing. It was there.
1,I think it would have been better if we divided it into three parts and made the story right
1,It comes up every second when everyone's timeIt's a preview of the action scene. Im completely.net
1,I like Harry Potter so much that I can't give you a good score in this movie.
6,A raw kiss scene.Disappointing ending scene. Was this the best?
1,9.2 to 3 not to lower rating
3,Why are you so unimpressed? It's the last episode.
1,Trash... Transformers are a lot more fun.What's the standard?
1,It's no fun. Harry Potter is an eternal sleeping pill.
4,It's a story that's obvious that Transformers is more fun. I'm so disappointed
4,Awww Dragon x Pet Dragon
1,Understand the excuses and national development
1,It's not fun... It's so
1,Nunes Hospital pushes people to the ground.
1,The Hard Environment of the Leungic Clari Watching Flowers
1,Nutto spoke the same language as you did to Dan.
4,A film for the disabled. A feast for the disabled
1,tretregdfgfdfd
1,This is a rating comparable to Zootopia Toy Story?It's worse than Frozen or Rapunzel. I need to lower the country
4,It doesn't make sense that they don't attack people who have been at war
1,It's more of a poo than a movie.
1,Smart people are superior to strong people. Man is a brainy animal.
1,Why is this movie famous? I don't understand. Only the main character's dragon is pretty and the rest of them look like they're tingling. + The dragon looks like he copied Pokemon.
2,We finally have a inferior work that surpasses Shim Hyung-rae's D-war.Kids' vacation movies
1,It's too high. Too high. Too high. Too high
6,It's not a dragon. It's a dog-like ending It's a pet
1,the act of lowering a score by giving it too much
1,A dragonfly for children...
6,It's just worth watching. But it's better than 2.
1,I don't know why the rating is so high.
6,I recommend it :) A more exciting movie than an avatar.
1,It's a waste of even one point for this movie
1,Does that make sense? 12345678
6,It seems that the synopsis and character settings of the Japanese animation Cheonwon Dolphin Grenragan have been changed. a nerdy hero The main character moves the enemy's robot for the first time. The story is that the protagonist is evolving and his friends also take away other enemy robots and fight against bigger enemies.
1,What? Is there a movie like this?
5,Hmm... funny? Are you saying it's fun for a DreamWorks cartoon?
6,(Singing "Fan ID")
1,Hmm... The Frozen is better than this.
6,I wasn't impressed by the visuals. The characters are obvious.
1,The hen who came out of the yard >> Taming the Dragon
6,Get rid of your prejudice and open your heart. Then you will see happiness!
1,You think it's a good dreamworks? It wasn't fun
6,It's a movie about self-defense where the main character raises the strongest and prettiest dragon
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,Why is this higher than Shrek?
1,a mastery of learning
1,Anime rating flicker
1,zero
1,I don't understand why this is over 9 stars...I watched the movie with my friend while dozing off.That's not funny.;;
6,It's just a look
1,the loyalty of the dragon
1,The dragon is ridiculous
1,The dragon has no guts
1,Such a ridiculous movie
1,in a grand manner
1,The standard of masterpiece is loyalty
1,I don't have any loyalty.
1,an overpacked rating I think Ralph the Fist is much better.
1,Let's go down. It's too high
1,Let's go down
1,I hope there's no victim like me who's been tricked by ratings.
1,False and grand ratings are unfair.
1,It's not that
1,It's really not funny
1,It was really boring.
1,It's not funny
6,pull through with a clever story
6,For the Merge Children
1,It's not fun. The best in this series
1,It's not funny
1,It's not this bad
6,It's a cute black cat
1,I'm disappointed if it's because I have high expectations. The rating is too high
1,It's fun. It's definitely fun. But the rating is too high.
1,To get a rating for the accuracy of the movie rankings...
2,A movie that's just like that
1,It's good.
1,Kim Jung-soo
1,I don't think it's a movie with 9 points.
1,I watched it boringly
1,The rating is too high
1,Just.
1,It's not touching. Why is it so high?
4,an animation for children
1,What's this rating of 9.33-- It's just a kid who's gonna be criticized
6,Kill or tame.
1,Not really...............
1,It's pretty much fun2
1,It's pretty much fun
1,I can't believe it's in the top 10 on NAVER
1,for the sake of justice
1,I think I was looking forward to it too much
6,It's just...
1,Toy Story and this movie have too high ratings
6,Childish... ;
1,It's a little childish compared to Pixar and Gibri
6,Children should grow up watching movies like this
5,Part-time job... There's a lot.
1,an individual building
1,The best is Toy Story 3
6,The impression that it was designed exclusively for 3D gliding action (Dreamworks = Moneyworks)
6,Is DreamWorks a regression? I miss the direction of Shrek.
6,10 points is E.BADA.LOL
6,You said it was really fun.What?LOLIt's not as fun as up
1,a children's film
1,What?
1,I fell asleep while watching this
1,How do you tame it?
1,Byul-Lu-Nae really looks like people who block the ratings... The Korean flag is lower than this. Does it make sense?
5,Dragon is cute.
3,Was I looking forward to it too much?;; It's just a family movie for kids.;
1,It was fun? It was so cheesy It's so obvious. It's a movie about babies
1,This is 9.3 points? It's a mortgage
1,It's the best part-time job.
5,Tired of the obvious story...Childishness for adults...I was fooled by the rating...
1,How can I give this 1st place? That's really childish
5,I don't like the content. The stereoscopic video is worth watching
1, the right
2,Kind of childish
1,Me too
1,How can a movie like this get 1st place on NAVER's rating? Isn't it funny even to you guys?
1,I don't think it's a movie that's going to rank 8th
1,I didn't like it
1,Not good.
1,not much
1,the skill of lowering the horoscope
1,Because of my part-time job
1,It's fun!
1,This isn't more than Shawshank's escape--
1,What's so funny about a movie like this? I'll lower your rating
4,It's not that funny.
1,ruined
4,Whew...............................................
1,How can a movie like this be higher than Shawshank?
1,I'm not worth watching this trashy elementary student
1,Why is this number one on NAVER's overall rating?
1,Not funny. Childish
1,Oh my...
1,The rating is too high. 8.5 would be appropriate.It's fun
1,I can't believe I'm getting paid for this movie.
1,Why is this funny? I think I wasted my money
1,He's first place?So a lot of Annie's crap?
1,Not that I'm over the Titanic
1,Was this the one that crossed the Titanic?I thought Leon was a terminator.It's very...
1,How many part-timers did you use?
1,Half a star is enough
1,The story was too obvious
1,Pass.
1,What's first place?
1,What is it
1,The rating is too high.
1,Higher than Inception...
1,I don't think it's right.
1,It's not a good score. It's not a good score. It's better than the godfather
1,Are you kidding me? Don't make me question the transparency of NAVER's ratings
1,You must have used your part-time job
1,What's with the movie? It's a bubble. I have to put it down
1,not much
1,How can this be rated higher than Wall-E -_-;;
1,I don't recommend dubbing movies!
1,Puffed rice rating. I wasted my time
1,It's not funny
1,low-quality animation
1,It was so boring
1,a part-time job
1,It wasn't good
3,a good movie for kids to watch
1,First place overall is kind of...
1,Those who give 10 points are all elementary school students Don't be fooled
1,Go down
1,Getting off
1,Is this the top ranking?
1,I don't really...
1,It's a very interesting movie if you're under 12 years old.
5,That's too much of a rating.
3,Which part of this movie is interesting?Are you saying it's funny because dragons don't really exist?
1,I can't keep up with Pixarany
2,It was worth watching for anime.
1,I think it's 8 to 9 points. I don't think it's the highest score on NAVER
1,It's a piggyback. Yong is cute and 4D red
1,Puppy-like...
1,It wasn't fun...
6,The movie itself is good... but don't look forward to it ~
6,A movie that children will enjoy watching
4,The rating is too high. Why are you taming the dragon? A pet!
1,It's not fun. Dog attraction
1,9 points is too much. 8.4 I'll adjust the appropriate rating
1,I want to kill the dragon
6,I don't understand that this is the number one rating for every movie
6,It's just something to watchable.
1,It's really fun
1,It's so much fun
6,It's just... It's worth watching
1,Is this a movie that deserves such a high rating?
1,Dreamwalk! Did we have this much money? You're going to release so many part-timers in this crap movie?
1,There are a lot of part-timers
6,I want to see "How to Train Your Dragon".
6,What a waste of money... let's say I experienced 3D.Maybe it's because I'm old. Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
1,I'll wait a little longer and download it
3,It's just the graphic processing and the development of the obvious. It's a question of why it got a rating of over 9 points
2,I heard that you erased the grade of choyoonji7. Are you a movie company employee?
1,The person below is really funny that I don't need your opinion! We're the same age
1,It's not that fun to give one or two points.It's personal preference
2,I paid money to watch EBS cartoon movie in the theater.Oh my god
1,A rating of more than 9 points for a childish movie...Shouldn't we be suspicious?
6,Gone are the days when you think you can watch it if you have a high rating. A clumsy 3D... I'm speechless
2,I saw the reviews and they said they worked part-time. Is that true?;;
4,I can't trust NAVER anymore.The world of movie part-timers...(Sniffing)
4,Look at the movie score before you watch it.It's obvious what you wrote!10 points for all of them.Take it off!
2,Why did I watch Toy Story Phil's home video animation in the theater?
5,The CG processing that is too obvious is too much fun.
1,Did Dean Devloyce tell you to be Alba The director doesn't want this kind of part-time job
4,It's a story that's obvious because it's childish...
4,The most boring movie with such an obvious story...
1,a pine tree nursery
1,It's not that good
1,It's so childish... How can I not watch her...
1,What's 3D? I'm so disappointed.
1,I was disappointed because I had high expectations.
1,Totally...
1,It's boring. It's boring even though I'm in 6th grade. like a waste of money
1,One point is not enough
1,It's a bit childish when I looked forward to it because it had a high rating on the 3D movie. I don't recommend it to men in their 20s
6,If the money was a bit of a waste... I shouldn't have seen it in 3D
6,An animation that's worth watching
6,There is no freshness. Dragon = Is it the limit for dogs? It's an ordinary American ending movie
1,It's for Solka Elementary School
1,The Persian prince and the Fang Ja-seon...Money waste... I like animation...What is this?
1,Boredom
4,It would be a fun movie for kids.
1,It's not funny
6,Am I weird? I can see how the story will unfold from the beginning to the middle...
5,It was less fun than Shrek. a children's film Laughter is kind of sloppy
1,I think it's too calm. It's a lesson. It's a weighty but fun well-made animation
5,I realized the truth that any movie is not fun to look forward to.
1,Childish Ppongjak!
1,I'm getting off because I'm annoyed by my GPA part-time job
1,Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? It's not fun!
6,I hope the kids watch it. It's like a time-consuming movie.
1,The efforts of the part-timers are impressive. Lowest score in terms of rating adjustment
1,Let's lower the rating. Does it make sense that this is first place?
1,I have no choice but to lower the score. Does it make sense that we won first place
5,Isn't it so much fun?
1,The score is too generous. Even if there are pretty blondes on the show -.-LOL
1,What do you mean "The Shawshank Escape" isn't number one?
6,I miss you
3,It's a pity that it's just a fun movie. K
1,Am I too old to look at this?
3,I want to watch the movie deeply or have a low expert rating. It's a fun movie without much content.
1,This is a movie
1,It's so boring
1,Get rid of it
1,It's a cliche.
1,not much
1,I don't know why this movie has a rating of more than nine.
3,The movie that I can only remember elementary school children's "No!!!" when the main character was in danger
1,What is it? NAVER? I saw four high school sophomores who wanted to die. They're so childish
5,Huh? I watched this over the weekend and saw Persia today. Why is this rated higher?; Is it the power of elementary school?
1,LOL 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 points
1,It was a medium movie. You have clicked on the weakest rating in terms of rating management.
1,3D doesn't suit my eyes
1,Lowering Good Movie Ratings
6,I haven't watched it yet... Is 3D fun?I'd appreciate it if you let me know if you saw it.I miss you...
6,I watched a movie with my son and got cursed at for the first time! The storyline is just like a kid!
6,The rating is too generous... It feels like riding a ride on the beach.I don't like anything else
6,I was looking forward to it too much -_- It's just a movie for kids. I watched it in 3D
1,A lot of regrets... Let's all be honest!
1,Dragon is a character and a friend. It's not even meefle
6,The cat in the mask of a dragon. It's a movie to watch with baby children
1,It's like an elementary movie. It's like 1/10th the fun of Kung Fu Panda. 3D bubbles are gone
1,Why is the rating so high?
1,I'm really not good at it's...
1,It wasn't funny.
1,Lower your GPA
1,Taming the Dragon
1,It's like this crap movie
2,I went with my younger brother and it was fun.Oh my god
1,The last movie I saw after I said goodbye to her. I can't give you a score 하지만 But it's fun
1,Oh my.......................
1,a far-fetched development and predictable ending
6,A movie that's 10% disappointing
6,I don't think it's good to get such a high score.
1,Please lower the rating ^^
1,Only elementary school students watch this LOL
1,You're writing while paying for your part-time job Atonement for fishing people...
1,What are you doing?
1,part time job
6,Did you look forward to it too much?I watched it in 3D but it felt like a children's movielol
1,Why is it so high?
1,I didn't see it in 3D. But isn't it a real movie if it's fun?
1,It's so childish.
1,It was just childish
1,(Laughing
1,It's fun but childish
2,I don't think it's that fun.
1,The rating bubble is too much. Seven to eight points are appropriate.
1,Elementary students have big balls
1,It's such a waste of money
5,be inferior to Pixar
1,I'll drop the points that the part-timers posted.
1,There are too many rating part-timers;;;;;
1,Lower GPA ^^
6,A movie that's good to watch with kids
1,It's 9.58
2,The last dust looks like 3DThe rest is a bit...
1,This movie has a rating of 9.5 and the Shawshank Escape is 9.7
1,It's so boring --;;
1,It's exactly like elementary school to 1st grade kids' content recommendation
4,I watched it in 3D on CGV. All I can do is think it's such a waste.
1,9.5 is too high to stop
5,It's a little childish...
1,What is it?
6,The content is worth five stars. I don't know about 3D. TV commercials are definitely more 3D.
1,Nightpure is so weird
1,It's not fun
1,The score is too high
2,I think we should change it to "how to train r cat"! 1 point for the story! 10 points for graphics
1,I don't want to watch this movie because of my part-time job
6,American fantasies about a multicultural society The flying god is the best since the red pig.
1,.... The highest score?
1,It's like a middle school student. 9.43 is too fictional. 7 points is appropriate
1,Not good.
1,A movie for elementary school students. I bet it's an adult who thinks it's fun
1,This movie gives you the dignity of a part-timer
1,It's a completely folded
3,Hmm... I looked at the score... It's like a movie to watch in elementary school It's below my expectations.
5,I was tricked by the rating again.
1,You're using your part-time job
1,a children's film
1,The rating is too high. 6 to 7 points are appropriate by my standards
6,Compare to Avatar?It's a bit dark in the beginning to see it in 3D. I think I expected too much.T
5,It's not fun because the dragon can't talk
1,Let's not give a score without looking
3,It's like kids' level.
6,be heartbroken beyond words
5,Unnecessarily too long running time. It's a cringe-worthy OST
6,Why does it have to hurt so much?
1,Why do you make a movie like this? He doesn't think about the victim at all. The psychopaths...
6,You're gonna die
1,Scandal Makers Using Victims to Make Money
1,Scandal Makers Using Victims to Make Money
4,I don't know why I made this movie. Why?
2,Why did you change what happened in Ansan to Gyeongsang-do? I can't believe it
5,Let's just put the Korean law trash thugs to death
4,I'm not good at acting in dialect. It sounds like a Korean accent
1,to feel empty////
1,Sci-Luya Quinta: Surprised and excitedly
1,Import Protection State statistics enrichment
6,Why can't he tell her he did it to her in the church bathroom? / I did it by seducing the kid who went to school to go to church
4,What do you mean you don't even want to remember? You're hurting the victim by listening to the movie
1,It's not fun at all.
1,What a fifth-rate king...We must never make it again.
1,Korean movies are not fun.
1,Not really... just a rating from people who are sympathetic to the public anger and mob mentality
1,It's not fun. It's a shame
1,Let's not play with the ratings
1,It's for 12 years old. Is it a movie that kids can watch?
1,The director's commercial purpose in choosing an actor seems to be too obvious
6,It's my wish that movies like wishes don't come out anymore
1,Do you eat?
6,You have to keep your score straight. It's not 9.32
1,I'll cut it because it's higher than the memory of murder.
1,Commercializing with someone else's wounds you want to forget.
1,a lucrative subject for commercializing a case
1,Did we have to make a movie with this kind of topic? It's a shocking news story.
6,The child actor is so pretty
6,The movie itself is not very interesting. But it makes me think about sex punishment one more time.
6,Gyeongsang-Dian and Jeolla-Dian will eat this country up
1,A movie that emphasizes only emotions. A movie that is not intended for cold and thoughtful people. A movie that is recommended only for simple people
1,Because of this crap movie...I'm afraid Nayoung will get hurt even more later.
6,Midterm music. Ending is weird.;;;
6,Human rights? What are we going to do with human rights and put them to death so they won't be scared? Is there a psychopath who commits sex crimes because he wants to die?
3,I think the law of Monga is like me. The law of Korea
5,The wish movie is really touching^^
1,It wasn't fun for me.
2,He looks like he's had a hard time. He got 1 point!
2,Can I shoot a movie like this without Seol Kyung-gu's wife and children? I wish I could disappear from the movie world. I'm disgusted just by looking at his face
5,I felt more heartbroken while watching the movie
1,Seol Kyung-gu's movie is doomed.  I can't act and I have bad energy
1,I don't like Lee Joon-ik. Lee Joon-ik should disappear.
1,The human rights of victims should be eliminated from emotional and lucrative movies due to such criminal reality. Disgusting.
6,Don't give me touching or stimulating words
6,a heart-warming film It's a movie that the whole nation must watch
6,Is it a world where alcohol laughs?
6,I think it's much better than forced third-rate comedy forced emotion like room 7. But I don't want to see this twice.
6,Dramatic mediocre movies based on real-life events
1,The clumsy production spoils the performance.
6,Director Lee Joon-ik is really talented
6,A vicious story into a fairy tale.
1,Was it a movie that will become an issue unconditionally based on public sympathy?I think I failed for that.The biggest reason is "Snow Kyung-gu"!It's not a child sex offender or a human being who's blind to a young man and abandoned his daughter and wife!
1,Women's Gyeongsang dialect is so strong that they can't understand the lines and can't concentrate on the movie. Is this a movie for people in Gyeongsang-do?
1,Why did he have to be an actor?
1,It's not that sad. Cho Doo Soon will be beaten to death on the day he gets out of prison
2,I got 5 stars for my acting. Especially Um Jiwon!The movie's completeness is three stars. But why do I want to give one star? Because it was uncomfortable... What is the law of the Republic of Korea that is generous to trash who ruined other people's lives?This movie is hard to watch twice.
6,I don't know... I've been dealing with this material so much that it's not fun and touching.
1,I think about 7 points would be good.
5,Let's not forget about Cho Doo Soon and the judge
1,I enjoyed it. I've been listening to the OST.  It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
6,You can enjoy it at least once
1,It's just an indirect advertisement for Cocomong
1,I don't like this kind of film festival.
1,Can I laugh with God at Lotte? I don't want to lose a point
1,1 point for many part-timers
1,Eight marks are good enough. It's too high
5,It was too heavy a subject for me as well for me.The crucible and the 7th room didn't cry.
1,I watched it very boringly... I don't think I can't watch a movie.
6,It was a pity that I couldn't get over the tears.
1,The rating is ridiculous. How can a movie that can only be made with this kind of development be touching? It's a movie that makes you cry when the point of tears comes. a film rated high for its simple true story
2,It's a weird movie. 123455
1,Where the hell is the crying point?
1,-- Don't watch the reality show
1,Why would I watch it? It's amazing. It's a waste of 1
1,The score is too highIt's a movie that's forced and unrealistic. It's not realistic enough
1,He made it easy to make money out of the victim's privacy
3,The movie that squeezes out tears and runny nose is OUT!
1,I can't feel Seol Kyung-gu's acting more than acting.
1,Since Seol Kyung-gu came out...
6,I don't know why my score is so highIf it's like this...I think it's better to just watch the newsThere's no twist. There's no sauce. It was too bland for a movie
6,What can I say if I exclude acting skills? It seems like some abuse to have a child play this stuff
1,Is there a lesson from the movie? Let's not rape her? It's like a movie about making money by raising pot grit? Isn't it like a Korean movie? I'm sick of it;;
6,He said he felt sorry for me.;; It's not that interesting;;
6,It wasn't that sad.I don't know what's sad about it-- it's sloppy
1,Look at only those who like sad things.
1,Rating too high...
6,Why is the rating so high?I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it too much.I dozed off in the middle
1,All of these films are rated too high for the part-timers to give them a point
6,It's fun and the story is solid
1,I don't understand why the rating is so high. What a waste of time.
1,I was so sleepy that I slept. Kyungsung is always the same
1,It's a touching movie
1,It's really a part-time job. What was touching and where we cried together?Score. Part-time worker wins
1,A Korean movie that's obvious even if you don't watch it... How can I force it to ring this time?
4,Why wasn't it fun for me?It's like the gift from room seven was better
1,Don't make things like this for your family
5,I don't know. Room 7 is more fun and touching.
3,Don't just use the material and donate the proceeds to the movie company.
5,I don't think it's as good as I expected.
1,An obvious story and an obvious development.
1,I think making a movie with this content is another mistake of adults. I don't think there should be such a thing as filling someone's stomach with someone's pain.
1,I fell asleep because it's obvious...I don't understand the rating
1,This can just come out as a drama.Is this a low-budget trick with another female audience?Until there's only one Korean movie in the theater...
6,Everything was good. Casting Seol Kyung-gu... I can't concentrate...-- Because the ex-wife case kept overlapping...
1,I don't want to see it again...
1,It's a part-time job heaven for netizens' ratings
1,Netizens' ratings are amazing.
1,I think 9.27 would be hard without a part-time job.
4,I'm more angry than moved What's the standard for making this movie? Do you want to prevent it? I don't know if you've made a movie to help that kid.I think I'm hurting her again because of this movie
5,The movie is too heavy and frustrating
5,It's so obvious. It's boring
1,Seol Kyung-gu is acting the same whether he's coming out as a father or Kang Chul-joong. He's terrible at changing characters
2,I don't think that was very interesting It wasn't as good as I expected.I don't think I've had a lot of fun crying
1,Room 7 is sadder
1,I need to adjust the rating
2,It was fun to watch with Siri
3,A movie that is full of tears
1,A typical opportunistic movie that takes the justice of the audience hostage and develops provocative material. It may be possible to give all the profits to the actual victims of the incident.
1,How can you commercialize it with someone else's hurt?
1,It seems inappropriate for a 12-year-old to watch.
1,Boring. Did you copy the gift from room 7? Why is Hwi so childish? You're like a 7-year-old kid
1,Don't be fooled. I can't get into it. It's not good
6,I don't understand why the rating is so high A series of boring movies.
5,I'm always looking forward to it.But I was disappointedIt's not a true story. It's a great thing. Is it just me who thinks about it?It's really...
2,Obvious content and obvious ending Shouldn't you be making a movie with a common theme from the beginning so you can be immersed? I think the movie was made to make some money with the topic of issue
4,It was a rather boring movie. You're over-reactingI think room 7 is better.
5,Room 7 wasn't fun either The crucible wasn't fun either This wasn't fun either. The acting was good
1,Just sentimental movies are not fun
3,The story is boring and cliche...Great boast and small roast.You're only promoting Donnie so much!
1,This is how men become animals.a film that only builds distrust and disconnects men and women
1,Why did I see this? It's Eun Ji who's been there for years
1,What do you mean by rating part-timers?
1,Seol Kyung-gu is coming out as a father?
1,a movie that is typically rated
1,Sigh... It's not good. I'm really looking forward to it
1,I can't relate myself to the love affair.
1,It is my first time to go to sleep while watching a movie with expensive money.
6,Suspects cannot sleep with their legs stretched out in a movie that accurately shows the reality of this dog-like era.The judge perpetrator is so angry throughout the movie.Does it make you guilty if you don't remember after drinking?  I feel more frustrated after watching this.I wish I had killed the perpetrator at the end
1,a forced movie that commercially uses a sexually assaulted girl
1,Boring and forced. Cocomong is the best
1,Kkangchul will watch it. Kkangchul will watch it
1,Raise it to adjust the part-time rating.
1,Don't be fooled.  It's a relief that you're watching all the free popcorn drinks on the counter. You'd be mad if you paid for it. You'd be better off watching the criminal and being sad or something like that
1,Don't be fooled by part-timers who don't be fooled by the movie part-timers
6,I'm a man... It's just sad.I cried when I saw the presents in room no.7
1,I almost ran out of the movie after a long time.Angry at the thought of being tricked by ratings.I thought I was going to die of discomfort the whole time I watched it.
1,The movie that I was fooled by the ratings...It's not that touching. It's a movie that makes you look at the clock;; I don't think men should watch it.
1,What's fun about Solka?I'm forcing you to cry
1,It's not fun. Phew...
6,I'm sorry. I was a little bored
1,Forget it. Does Seol Kyung-gu deserve to play this role?
3,The part-timers are working really hard.
1,It was so fake that I didn't like watching the movie all the whole time.I regret watching the movie.
6,I am no longer immersed in Seol Kyung-gu...
1,I'm going to cut the score because of the part-timers
1,I think it's my taste... I was watching and came out because I was sleepy
1,It was so sad and complicated that I was more stressed.
1,Making a movie of child molestation? It's a stretch to heal something that shouldn't happen
1,If you can hear the snoring in the middle of the movie...  forcedness
1,I slept while watching it. I was bored
1,Hmm... How much is the part-time job?
1,You've got an Alba-Chun-Ji rating
1,Alba-Chen-Ji's Children's Sexual Assault Is a Movie?
1,What a waste of money! Are these two movies?
5,Compared to the crucible
1,I'll give you 1 point because of Seol Kyung-gu
1,Have you got permission from Nayoung and her family?
1,My score is -10000 even if I get paid to watch the worst movie ever.I've wasted all my time. I hope you only see rich people with plenty of time
1,I'm going to tell you a sad story about a childT
1,Not really. It's not...I don't know
1,What's the point of making a movie and making people talk big again after saying that people shouldn't know about it? I can't believe you're using this wound commercially.
1,a typical box office junk movie
6,It's just worth watching. Emotional stimulation like a gift from Cell No.7?Father and daughter?But I wasn't touched and tears were weak.Room 7 is too fast.
5,They want to see a bright movie~~
1,The part-timers here are so obvious.I can't believe I got 10 points for a movie like this
1,-- Not really. It's MAAMADE
4,All the words are so grand that I'm going to look at them and decide on the score
1,It's an obvious story. Um...
1,The movie I watched before the release is very different from the rating I think
4,The typical Korean style. It's boring. I think there are too many part-timers in this movie. Watch it on TV later It's obvious. Don't throw away your pocket money
1,Can you believe the rating?Just watch what you want to see
1,Overrated...!
1,It's not a nine-point movie--
6,I watched it with GFRIEND.I cried and my girlfriend asked me why I was sad.I was so dumbfounded.But it wasn't that sad. Sometimes it's funny and sometimes sad. I don't understand that rating.
5,I think Cocomong saved the moviecrying
1,It's not fun. It's not that sad. Why is it 9 points?
1,I'm disappointed that this material is this much
1,I didn't expect this movie to be so bad
5,It's not fun. There's no twist. It's not like I'm going to run away
1,I'm getting cursed at. That's too much
1,One of the movies I watched with regret
1,A movie that you can't see twice.
1,Too high... and I personally don't like Seol Kyung-gu
1,1 point for Seol Kyung-gu
1,That's childishThis
1,It's really not fun. Don't be fooled. I was bored to death. It's just a very ordinary drama-like directing skill. Don't look.
1,How many movies does Seol Kyung-gu shoot in a year? I'm tired of it
1,I shouldn't have watched it. It's my first time watching it while I was
1,I solved too many part-time jobs.
1,an uncomfortable and unpleasant movie
1,Director Lee Joon-ik... After the King's Man
1,I just don't like movies like this
6,Although my dialect was very awkward and clumsy. The children's acting is great. It's about a heartbreaking story.It's not fun to say it's not fun...
1,It's really not fun--Wow…the Liberation Day special is more fun
1,A little obvious movie...
1,I wonder how heartbreaking my family will be if they watch this movie.
1,I don't know where the Korean movies are going... I don't know. I don't want to understand and I don't want to hear the directors' clichés... The Korean movie industry is becoming a landfill. It's not even recyclable.
6,The content was good and it was a good movie
1,There are a lot of part-timers. You want to tag Nayoung and sell tickets? That's so touching.
2,Film Interest Scared...Live a good life! Be nice
2,It's a tongue twister
1,Your own family destroys it? A warm movie? Kneel down and beg the guide
1,Not really. 10 letters.K
1,Director Lee Joon-ik said he's retiring. Why are you coming out?
1,I just watched a movie and I regret it
1,a movie that brings back bad memories
4,I'm upset after watching the movie.
1,A typical emotional movie came out again.
2,It's a part-time job.  I'll talk to you when I see you. And part-timers! Don't compare it to the gift in room seven. It feels weird
1,You solved your part-time job again. Receipt system value evaluation...Movies...
1,I'm sick of this stuff.
1,This is
1,This is
1,It's the worst animation ever.
1,It's the worst animation ever.
1,A typical Disney family cartoon. What do they make except for their family?
1,Why do you do this early in the morning like skate? Thank you for making memories with your girlfriend and making me remember them
6,Can you be nicer to me about life and death? It is a movie that brings out the taste and warms the heart of the movie because there are many musical elements.
2,Pixar is becoming a children's movie
5,Disney-Pixar graphics are for sure
1,I watched it and slept for about 20 minutes
2,Not as fun as I thought.
6,A message that reveals the merits of a family's sense of belonging
1,The worst Disney movie ever. It was horrible to glorify a husband who abandoned his baby and wife.
2,It's not like this movie is about to cry
1,I fell asleep... There's a lot of Disney on Pixar
6,I thought it would be nice not to forget the family who left before the afterlife and sometimes think of good times
6,I enjoyed watching it with two elementary school students
1,It's not fun. I'm a bit
6,I'm just like that.
2,What's the point of showing a kid an animation with a murdered con man?
6,Miguel is a little frustrated. The content is pretty... But the OST is awesome.
6,The scene where I sang to my grandmother is the most memorable
6,It's worth watching. I can't watch it with guys
6,It wasn't that much fun because I was looking forward to it.
1,GFRIEND whines that it's touching
1,It's full of disgusting stuff
6,It's called "Coco" so it's more touching
5,A movie that kills the rich and the poor. What else have you been doing for centuries without explaining to your wife? Poor story and music without pull
4,It was totally no fun
6,There's a lot of Chinese capital in there's a lot of Chinese characters
1,I don't know if I'm old or the content is obvious because I can see the results even if I look at Annie.
3,I enjoyed watching it!
6,Why is the rating so high? I didn't have much fun.
1,Are you Hispanic now after China?
6,It's pretty fun
1,I don't want to see this low-level dubbing anymore. It's so nice to see it in the original language.The Korean dubbing is really terrible. Dubbing is doomed. It doesn't bring to life a tenth of the original emotion.
4,Good attitude towards death but lack of direction
6,It's very moving~~
4,It's not fun. Regret
1,Forcing forgiveness to whom. What message are you delivering? A man who leaves his family gets forgiveness and becomes happy?!
4,Did my tears cool down...I just yawn
2,It's not fun. Why do you want to see? It's so childish
6,It wasn't as good as I thought because I was looking forward to it.
1,Where do I have to have fun?I'm confused...
6,with a beautiful visual beauty
6,I guess they were looking forward to it. I'm sorry for the Disney team.
6,The kids' animation... Disappointed
5,It's a predictable story. It's just a kid's movie
1,I think KBS 9 PM news is much more fun than this
6,It's a good cartoon. More than
1,I don't watch all the movies in the middle.
1,I don't think the movie Coco is that fun.It feels like I'm reading a cartoon of young kids.I think I just look at the pictures
6,Skull animation boring
1,It's not Miguel. It's Miguel.
6,It's a very heartwarming movie♡
5,Not my cup of tea. I'm not saying it's not good.
5,Possible developments... It doesn't touch me
6,It was a little boring...
6,It's high quality and worth watching
2,I wasn't that impressed.crying
6,I cried a lot. The movie that made me emotional in the latter part
6,It was fun. Little children are not funYes.
1,It's a movie that I can't
6,A movie that can feel Mexico and praise the imagination beyond death!
6,I love Disney OST
1,Make it in Mexican and show it only in Mexico
4,Watch it. It's a movie you'll regret I don't recommend it.
4,Kindergarten students are scared. I couldn't watch it until the end
2,I don't know... except for the last drop of blood.
1,Psychokinesis is 100 times more funIt's so funny. Look at that
1,Third-rate story. How can you understand the husband who abandoned his child? Is it because it's for kids? I just wasted my time...
6,It's just worth watching. I don't know why the rating is so high.
6,Remember me. I hope it won't be forgotten
4,It was touching and fun
6,The story was good and it was fun
6,I was wondering if I was emotionally dry. I was just wondering when it would end. It's a story that you can expect when you watch it. I just watched it Is it because I was looking forward to it?That's what I think
6,It's a gentle touch...Hah!
2,Don't watch it with the babies.It's boring and all the kids are sleeping or can't concentrate...It's not for adults. It's not for babies. It's medium...
6,I was wondering what it was when I heard "Frozen"
6,The first movie my son watched when he came to the theater. It's a movie that will make a good memory for him
6,The best courtesy of the dead is memory
6,I enjoyed watching "Frozen" with my kid
5,The message I was trying to convey was good but the way it was delivered was rather childish
6,So so... I didn't have a lot of inspiration.
6,My 6-year-old daughter is still not having funT
6,Was I the only one who was about to do that?Yes?
4,It's so much fun to watch with the kids
6,It's interesting to see a new perspective on death.Frozen came out in front of us... Did you come in wrong jQuery22408790040215176727_1517704359892 Did you call this Coco? That's a big flaw^^
2,Not touching because you're squeezing it
1,It's part-time job heaven. Don't look It's not fun
6,It's such a clear topic that the movie becomes a bit cliche.
6,I was emotional because I thought of my late grandmother. I always remember my grandmother vividly
6,He's a real grandpa
6,The story is a bit far-fetched.
1,It's not fun to watch Pixar after watching Disney Comedy scenes aren't funny at all. Boring and falling asleep in the middle
6,It was so much fun ^_^ The song is impressive
1,I have a mouth. Saviu Faitbiau. I have a mouth. And Duri Duyayami Dooyutaker
6,I don't understand why you're showing a long winter story in the beginning.
1,같It really looked like S.f;
1,I only remember "Remember Me"
4,It must have been boring even if you didn't look forward to it
6,Miguel Jjum was frustrating
6,It might be boring to look forward to it.Dante's dog is so cute
4,The characters are very cute. The graphics are really good and the voice actors' voices are so lovely. But it was boring except for the end. The animation might not fit me. I think it will be interesting for those who like Disney.
3,prove to oneself that production costs and impressions are not proportional
6,My imagination of death is in front of me
2,A festival of ghosts denying heaven and hell!
6,It's a bummer that there's a boring part
2,Was Coco the only one who didn't like it?
1,Don't waste your time on a tiny Ulaf and go in 20 minutes after the movie starts.
6,I'm proud to be your family
2,I must have been looking forward to it...
1,It's disgusting to see the cheap money of the jjangkaes starting from the beginning of the movie.Chinese in South America background...
6,The front part is long.I'm looking forward to Frozen
4,The movie was very calm
2,You've solved a lot of problems. It's a movie that was unpleasant the whole time
1,I've never seen such a weird movie before. I think I've seen all of it today
1,I've never seen such a weird movie before. I think I've seen all of it today
6,The murderer is very happy in the afterlife. I don't think it's a money-dominated paradise. The main character's theme was expressed well.
5,I don't know about people who are sad. It's not that it's boring. I don't know
6,Elementary and mid-term are so boring.
6,I missed the movie and lost money
2,The rating is too high. I almost fell asleep until the middle.
6,It's a calm family movie
4,It's not like I'm watching because I'm sad
2,Never watch a suicidal movie with depression
6,The visual beauty is beautiful.
6,The song was good!
6,I felt the love of my family
6,I'm touched at the end They say it's not fun at first My daughters
4,The movie is long... It is a movie that teaches the importance of family and how to live a good life.My nephew is bored. It wasn't as good as I thought
1,Is this a movie? I slept well for 2 hours because I thought it would be better than that.
2,Family Precious Warm Film
6,It was fun but sad
6,It's better than I expected.It also helps me realize the importance of my family
6,It's fun. It's nice to watch with kids
6,Make sure to watch it with your eyes rather than words
6,I don't know why I came out on "Frozen" in the beginning. It's fun in the middle and the middle. It's boring in the beginning
6,It's fun to watch
6,I think I saw it with high expectations
6,I enjoyed it. It's the best
6,It was pretty good. Remember me
1,It's too obvious.You just wasted your money--
6,It's a great movie with a mix of emotion and scale
4,Elsa... It was out of the blue The 8-year-old's a little boredI think I was looking forward to it too much.I was so moved and the lesson was not that great;;;;
6,The movie that my 5-year-old son cried because he was scared all the whole time.I enjoyed it K
1,It's not fun. It's made into a movie. It's childish
6,It's a bit cliche
1,I held back what I wanted to come out in the middle. I don't like it when skulls come out
6,It was okay. It was touching
6,I was less interested because I expected such obvious touching from the beginning. But it didn't have any comic elements. My child is bored and then sniffles at the end.
1,Hm... 10 letters. 10 letters
6,It's just worth watching. Was it "Remember me"? I only remember the song.
5,I don't like snowflakes and the song is pretty obvious
1,I watched it with my friend. We both dozed off and the song is really good^^ The melody keeps hovering around Re:memVer me~
6,Should we hold a memorial service?
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kids!
6,The story is good and the background is just fantastic. But the dubbing is not good.
1,Where did Pixar's creativity go and where did you hear it?
6,Please choose your horoscope a visitor/netizen
6,Obstruction of Olaf's Appisode
6,There's jam. It's fun.
2,Pixar's breaking up like Disney
1,Garbage bird = Kkami's rating is low. Look at her. 234 MeOO Neuginabae 234 meals
1,The main character's baby is so unheardly
5,A predictable development... There's a bit of a stretch in the story.
4,I was a little boredT
6,It's both boring and sad
6,a Disney movie that is interesting and unexpected but without cause
1,It's really not fun...
2,It's a bit boring
3,The impression of added condiments makes false tears flow
1,It's a movie that's too good to give even one point.
1,Overrated... a rating of 7-8 would be appropriate
6,For those who don't even get a chance
6,It was a good movie to watch lightly.
6,What I expected before watching the movie
6,The people in the movie are all so nice
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
6,It's a movie that has the power of a true story.
2,a low-down-class
1,OO No Jam Lee Know--Foot
6,A moving work: cafe.naver.com/grayd0tbe/1373
2,A movie that explains the controversial issue. Touching? Put!
6,It was just so-so. It's a little cliche  a common story
1,The story of a rich white man helping a poor black man.
5,I can't believe I got this much rating on this super corny movie. This is why you can't trust NAVER scores
6,It's a formal real-life movie to make you feel touched
6,I'm so touched.It's not good. It's not good
4,a story hidden from reality
6,Would this deterrence change the system?
6,It's just... It's so calm that you can feel bored.
3,It's just
6,a staid American drama
5,Does Sandra Bullock age the age of immortality backwards?
6,I think I should reflect on the racism that's still there
1,It's not a movie with a rating of 9.3 rating.
1,1 point because the rating is too high
5,Why is the rating so high? I'm really bored watching... It was really boring. It's just a little touching
6,Everything is easy. Sandra Bullock shocked to win Oscar for best actress for this movie
6,This much...
6,I'm not sure if I'm feeling any better.
2,Don't watch it. It's just an obvious movie
1,Money will do.
1,Isn't it a typical American Cinderella story? I don't have anything to say if I saw it to be heartwarming.
6,Touchdown by quarterback Sandra Bullock
2,It's so touching that it's not fun
5,This isn't as fun as the rating. The most touching movie is the Dead Poets Society
5,I've seen too many of these kinds of American movies. Bored...
1,I'm bored...
6,A movie worth watching...But the rating is too high.It doesn't look like it
6,It's just a movie worth watching.
5,Noblesse Oblige of the white upper class. Will she be pure?
1,LOLIt's so boring. How can this be 9.3?LOL
1,What makes you feel warm-hearted.- You can't see your efforts
6,Affordable and reliable Techtree
6,Less than the average... Did I expect too much?
6,More than I expected...
4,I don't understand why the rating is so high. Touching and funny. Clumsy. A documentary would be better.
1,I think it's about 7 points
6, well
6,...What is it? This emptiness
1,It's uncomfortable. I'm touched by this forced and disgusting true story. Humans are so...
1,It's not as good as the average.
6,I know it's a movie based on a true story.  Good Movies ^^ - Hope-Giving Movies
1,I slept because I was sleepy
1, as it is
6,I wonder if it's realistic to bring a black boy from a daughter's house and live with him
1,What can I say yet?
1,More than movies like Rainman and Forest Gump. I can't believe I have a high rating. I can't help but laugh.
1,This movie... The rating inflation is too high. It's definitely not a nine-to-eight movie.
6,It's touching but normal... It's a movie with too much packaging.
4,I can't believe this cliche 'made for TV movie' of the 80s is still being made.I was surprised.
4,It's corny
5,Why is Naver's rating so high? 9.28 I should lower it.
1,A calm movie that makes you feel the importance of your family. Why is the rating so high?T
1,It's a good movie. But it's not 10 points. It's about 8 points. Let's lower the rating! I gave you 1 point
1,a typical phenomenon after the release
2,It's not as good as I thought.Let's not be fooled by the ratings.It's just normal.crying
2,A typical Hollywood story with a shield called a true story
1,The rating is too high. 7 points is good enough.
1,The extreme of childishness...A movie for children.
1,Please! 9.27 is too much
1,This is a movie where you can't see my sides Screw the director
1,I do that much if I have a lot of money
3,It's funny... I'm fooled
1,It didn't look good.
1,an incomprehensible American film
6,I'm sorry I couldn't be an innocent audience anymore
2,The rating is too high
5,The story is rather cliche
1,I'm sick of it. I'm tired of it
1,People seem to watch movies because they are too focused on ratings.
1,I think we should lower the rating
3,typical
6,The movie that introduces the movie is all it shows
1,Toward a proper rating
6,The expert's score is real
1,the best movie
1,It's so much fun
1,I enjoyed the movie. It's so good@@
1,full mobilization of part-time workers
4,It was just worth watching and I didn't cry. About 7.5
3,I don't know why this is in the 9-point range. a questionable person
1,Why is this so high?LOL
1,It's been overrated. What's this? This ridiculous score... Is this the power of a part-time job?
2,a video film
6,It's just typical Everything's.
1,Lowering the GPALaughingering) Laughingering)
1,How many points will I lose?
1,Huh.
1,It smells like an American movie
4,I wrote a novel under the pretext of a true story -- there are so many things that are not true
2,Take a look at Takeuchi Yuko's flower shop without roses I'm shedding tears a few times
1,It's not the best.0 point because of the part-timers
1,It's a movie where people with muscles write comments without looking at numbers.
1,It wasn't very interesting -_-...
1,The movie is corny. Sandra Bullock goes all the way to the end with her own emotional acting
1,rating adjustment
1,Rating... Early 9 is just right
5,What a coincidence...
5,There are so many coincidences
5,The movie with the most mysterious rating.
1,A storyline that never deviates from what anyone can expect. It's just a true story. You have to live with it
1,I think the rating is too high
1,The part-timers are working so hard
1,Why is the opening movie number one in all time? Get a little more experience.
1,It's a movie like this.This movie has a good rating of 7 points
6,Sandra Bullock's acting is cool and fun
1,What zombies give 10 points for a low-quality movie? It's not 100% true.
1,It was so boring and boring. I don't recommend it
1,What do you mean true story? It's a fantasy movie.
2,Noblesse Oblige public service film for the upper class of the United States.
6,It's just... a good movie to watch lightly. NAVER's rating is too high.
1,It's not fun
1,A good movie with an overpacked loose composition.
1,I was tricked... Why did the part-timers come here... I was so bored that I got cursed at by my husband.
2,A Heroic Story for Sandra Bullock Individuals.a real movie that doesn's not true story
1,It's just a touching story that happened in American society.Too simple a story.I think the rating is too high.
1,Don't be fooled by the documentary league or the score compared to Forest Gump.Gump.It's a perfect score for NAVER rating
5,All the emotions of this kind of movie are the same
1,Is this a movie?
6,a delightful movie
3,Just.
6,Don't we have to make this in Korea? Heinz Ward
6,Overrated Sandra Bullock
1,the truest and most disappointing movie of all true stories
1,Why is the rating so high? --;; I think it needs to be adjusted.It's like 7 points.
6,White promotional film that turns abandoned poor black people into capitalist industrial districts
2,This is...9.3??? I understand that my family easily got a scary black man and bought me a car
3,It's so typical... Korean documentaries are more touching.
6,It's just touching. That's why it's boring
5,I couldn't feel the emotion throughout the movie. Are my feelings dry?
5,Is it because my expectations are too high?;;
6,Obvious story. White people are pretending to be nice? What if Michael wasn't this innocent?
5,a moving fairy tale
6,The common limitation of these real cargoes is that they miss the reason for focusing on events.
1,The best movie I can't understand...It's too boring. Less than I expected
6,He's so sweet and nice. I can see Sandra Bullock
1,The best sports movie is national soccer team ^^
6,It is a warm true story of a family. It's so heart-warming
6,Typical Hollywood-style moving drama... but no way to impress.
1,The national team is so fun
1,This isn't right.
1,We need to adjust the rating
1,This is not the average score
4,It's just a cliche. Why do you have such a high.
1,I'm on the rating board
1,Rating adjustment
6,I hope this happens a lot. A really warm and humane movie with a deep American color. ^^
2,All the best
1,I'm a national university student
3,It's not as fun as Korea National University. Why is this 1st place?
1,Why is this a new moon?
1,I looked forward to the evaluation and looked forward to it. What are you talking about?~~~~
1,The score is too high. No
5,The most touching moment while watching the movie was when I saw Mrs. Misery getting old.
6,I feel good about my family and it's heart-warming that it's real
1,What?LOL
6,Did I expect too much?Maybe it's because I'm tired...It wasn't as good as I thought. It was more impressive when I saw it at school after the exam in school.
6,Conclusion: Sittu is trash.
1,How good is the cultural revolution to bite in this day and age when misunderstanding about communism is widespread? Isn't this movie that focuses on the main character's life without considering Mao's thoughts and the situation in China of the time simply what this era really wants?
1,I'm glad I didn't have a mental illness after listening to you screaming like "wh" for two hours
1,You look like Taeyeon of Girls' Generation
2,The uncivilized Jjangkkae movie. What kind of movie is it?
1,I smell so much sesame seeds.
1,Let's stop making dung-kko-choong movies
1,Let's not be fooled by the ratings.  Jjangkae sensitivity out!
2,Did you make this a movie? I fell asleep in 10 minutes. Make sure to watch it if you have insomnia. I'm so sorry. Why are you watching the movie made by the best kids?
1,the glory of the past
1,No fun! No fun! Really no fun!
1,This is higher than Aladdin?
1,I saw the comments because the ratings were so good. I wonder if the movie is that highly praised;;; Just because Gongri was pretty
5,Hongrish! I don't really like it. I thought I was going to die of boredom
1,Jang Kook-young is good at acting. I watched the re-release at Cgv for about two hours and came out. I don't like the scenes of child abuse and domestic violence.
4,It was a bit like that because the time was too long.
6,Jang Kook Young. Jang Kook Young. And Jang Kook Young
1,What a bunch of part-timers. How dare you give 10 points to a movie like this? I'm more disappointed because I have high expectations because of you guys.
1,That's not good.
2,I hate it! ;-;;::::
4,I wonder if it's a movie that'll be respected this much
2,I hate gay stuff. It's just that light
5,It was hard to understand and I couldn't get into it
1,Ha...not funny...  I don't want to hear Beijing opera or something.
2,What? Is it gay? The world is going crazy
5,an overrated work
2,A movie that captures the times but is not interesting.
5,Jang Kook-young's acting is really good. But I guess I don't have a bowl to accept the movie itself
1,It is the first movie in my life that I wanted to give zero points.
1,farmers and herdsmen in southern China
1,Your lotus root is amazing in the sun.
1,Three is like a Tiny Woman in Nine Cities
1,Lockett's got a watchful push.
3,I turned it off because I was bored while watching it. The setting of liking men is a sewing machine.
2,It's hard to watch it until the end.
5,I'm bored. I turned it off after an hour and 40 minutes. I think the movie must be solved in 90 minutes. The story of a homo is that I'm no good.
1,yretregree
2,The long running time was so boring and I felt nothing in this movie
1,It's gonna be crazy.This kind of movie...
1,I was fooled by the ratings. It's boring and boring
4,Jang Kook-young's gay performance was so disgusting
1,Do you want to spend your money on this trashy Chinese movie?
1,People who watch what's going to happen have no idea
1,The only thing I remember is getting beaten up
6,Would it change my mind if I watch this again over time?
3,I have nothing to say either.
1,I don't think it's that funny.
1,Peking opera is noisy.And why are you all cherry blossoms?
6,I guess I don't know English.
1,Well... I don't know
1,I couldn't watch it all because I was bored.
1,be loud and boring  Not funny
1,It's like adults can't keep up with child acting.
1,A good movie to study Chinese history. He has a great cast and good acting skills. It's just not fun
1,The best movie ever. I still have tears in my eyes. I want to see Jang Kook Young. mm
6,a tragic epic that merely combines the history of Chinese Beijing opera with homosexuality
1,A dirty movie. A poor movie about homosexuality without knowing the theme of the king's man or his cards. Jang Guk-young's acting is disgusting.
1,Boring...
1,I want to give you 10 points. That's too bad
1,It's so bitter and choking. Why is this movie so stupid?
5,The rating of a work of art is bound to be subjective... I was very bored.
1,My voice is annoying...You're making a bug noise.
4,It's just so-so. It's hard.It's not very... interesting
1,It's an old movie.
1,The rating is too high. I think 9 points is appropriate. There's a lot of boring stuff. Other than that...
5,The rating is too high. A movie that highlighted the dirty and weak points of the world. No cause
5,not much
5,Chinese movies don't fit very well
5,Hmm... I don't know
1,I hate sad movies
1,The score is too high. I wasn't having fun. I'm an outcast
5,Am I weird? Why don't I like it?
1,I think 7 to 8 points is appropriate
1,One of the worst movies that is really boring and boring
4,It's complicated and boring... But I bow to the sad reality.
3,I'm disappointed because I expected it. How many times do I have to watch it again?
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
4,I don't know if it was because I saw you when you were too young...The story itself was a great shock
6,I'm bored
5,A movie that I watched while fighting a hard battle with Suma...I guess I'm still young.
6,I'm bored. I guess it's hard for me to do this kind of movie yet.
2,I fell asleep.
5,It was boring
1,It's not funny. Bored...
1,This is fun? Come on...
5,Jang Kook-young's acting was good
4,Captures a living China and did not abandon its characters +4.
4,I don't like it
1,This isn't right
1,It's pretty good... But I'm still adjusting the rating.
5,It was hard to understand
2,Hong Kong movies are not movies
1,Throw it out.
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
1,I don't like it
1,Why doesn't the "King and the Man" show this?
1,Why did you ban the king's man from showing in China?
6,It's boring in the beginning. Your ranking has dropped quite a bit. I'm sorry
4,Your rating is high. I don't like Chinese movies. It's boring
1,--;OO Think Movie
1,It decided not to give a rating of more than 60 percent for women.How can men and women be so different?
6,Did you fall for the rating? It's not my cup of tea
1,Not really
1,one of my ten masterpieces
1,Chinese movies are depressing
1,How did you know?
1,Director Chen Kaiger is also
1,I was watching it at school
1,not much
3,Is there no climax compulsion? Is there no drama? not much.
1,the best movie
1,What a movie!
5,I wasn't funny
6,The world that was so overwhelming for those who knew nothing but Peking Opera
6,Jang Kook Young...
1,Why is it 10? Rice bowl
6,A film that shows Steven Spielberg's childhood innocence. Imagination and ability to plot can only be admired.
2,I think that's broken...Don't you have to reset the initial settings? Why doesn't David explain the situation and ask his parents why?It's uncomfortable...
1,One point because of these heartless humans. A teddy bear is the cutest than a human. Bicentennial Man is the best robot movie.
1,It would be really creepy if such a robot with ai comes out in the distant future
5,Sci-fi version 21st Century Pinocchio
1,The atmosphere is down and you're depressed.
6,I watched it because it was a masterpiece. It's totally boring.
1,The first review I wrote because the movie was like a letter of honorifics
1,Throwing aliens on an old movie...
1,I give you 1 point because of Teddy.
4,The boredom of the second half was too strong
1,It's a movie for kids.A movie that kids would be bored with...
2,Do you think this is really fun? It's not fun at all
1,It's a movie that's not good for your mental health. The aftereffects last long
6,Spielberg = Damn Alien = Limit
1,The arrogant story of a bunch of machines wanting to be human for 2000 years
1,Part-timer OOOs! I slept twice more than that
1,Are you kidding me? I feel so sad right now
5,Even Spielberg's cruel fairy tales with love and adventure go this far into the mountains and there is no answer.
6,The composition is a little weak...
3,I don't like it because there are too many four legs
2,Is this fun? Why is the rating so high?
1,Too bad there's no lower score.  The worst movie of my life that makes me feel as bad as watching a third-rate horror movie
6,It was a fun movie and I could feel David's innocence well. But is it because of the long running time...? I can't deny that there was a slight boredom as I went out to find a fairy.
6,More than I thought... I don't like it
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,Why is the rating high?  a meaningless movie
1,Don't look at it. It's a terrible book of philosophy
6,Perfect for killing time
3,I don't like the graphics.It's a little childish.The friend I went to see...He came out of dozing off.I remember being criticized for watching this.David is so cruel.It's a scene where you smash a robot's head that looks similar to your colleague'
4,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. The running time is too long and nothing approaches except film technology.
6,a lullaby-like fairy tale read by my mom
6,The Creation of Scientific Tale. Boy Osment is so good at acting. But it was a little boring and the directing didn't touch my heart.
2,I don't know where to cry
1,I got caught. It's a big fish. I hate fairy tales and cartoons. It should be a movie
1,I don't know if it's because a lot of time has passed. It's filled with unnecessarily symbolic scenes
5,This is getting worse and worse
6,A movie that is neither sad nor touching at all. But a film that criticized Christianity with considerable sophistication
1,I watched a movie after reading the rating. I've been tricked.
1,I just can't understand. It's ridiculous
1,I'm bored. I have a high rating
3,I can't stop crying. I'm bored...
6,Not much of an impression
6,The last part was too sloppy And it's just for killing time
3,It's so high
2,I hated it because it was so perfect. It's more than a horror movie. I get depressed the whole time I see depression all the time.
3,I was just a little bored.It's a story about a robot that finds its mother's love
6,Spielberg movies don't suit me.
1,Is it just me? I've never seen a boring movie like this before
1,an unpleasant horror movie
6,Why is it so boring?
4,A.I. It is a good movie.Wow.It's pretty boring.Not really. Not really.
6,Only the teddy bear is memorable.
3,Oh... Already. Friendly rating... Did everyone just look at the middle and give a rating
6,Feels like you're wearing a suit and slippers. What if Fincher directed it?
1,be bored all the time watching
2,The ending is really making me angry. The ending that was... That's it? Really?
6,Kubrick and Spielberg's incongruous encounter
1,I don't know if it's because I don't understand. It doesn't touch me at all and it's boring.
1,The fun is a vain plot that you can't find even after you wash your eyes
2,I was sleepy.
5,It's a movie that makes you yawn rather than move.
1,It was too boring and not enough to stimulate the sensibility of the storyline to the mountains
1,Spielberg's Worst SF
1,I'm emotionally dry.
1,Half of it is a waste
4,It would have been okay if it weren't for the impression of being forced.
4,Why is the rating so high? I fell asleep because the content was weird
1,Did I expect something too grand?
1,That's not funny -_-.
2,It's a really boring movie when you evaluate it just for entertainment.
4,It's a movie that breaks the ending...
1,Why is this movie so boring to me?
6,There is definitely a difference in masterpieces.
6,Why is this rating 9.15? It's not funny
1,I'm bored.
1,The worst movie in my life
6,What if it was a cubicle? The ending is unfortunate.
6,The director's name is a waste... Whoo!
5,It's just brand power to be imaginative. Don't fool yourselfWhat do you mean imagination?
3,This movie is touching? What kind of brain structure does he have? I thought I was going to sleep
1,I remember being bored in the movie theater and shaking my butt. The rating is very high.
4,Scenes and endings that seem to have been made for the audience who are a little bit disappointed.
4,Why did an alien suddenly appear and say happy ending?
1,They say robots are better than humans zz
1,Cast me instead of that kid.in a trifle
4,Why did I think it was OOO except for the beginning?
1,It's really boring. It's just boring. This ridiculous movie
6,It's too long
6,Don't expect too much
3,A masterpiece. It's a little boring
1,I slept because I was sleepy
6,I don't know why I'm so bored.
4,Spielberg's film The most blotchy film of his life.
5,It's a well-made movie.But it's boring...It's not my cup of tea
5,It's all right...I was bored at the end.
2,It's a ridiculous movie. It's a waste of time to warm up. Things that don't know how to watch movies
1,I slept while watching this movie. It's so boring and boring
5,The appearance of an alien... Robots can't have feelings.
1,Throw this movie away
1,I think I take 3 movies a year on average Spielberg... this guy's not sincere
1,Did you understand this movie and give it 10 points? Are you interested? It's just boring.
1,...Why is the rating so high?Audiences trapped in Spielberg's walls.
5,Giroud
5,Sleepy
3,Was it because I was looking forward to it too much?
5,Average
1,What's so touching? The worst Spielberg movie I've ever seen.
1,Extremely different. Spielberg's best boring story.
1,That self-serving child is so obnoxious.
1,I remember waking up to the SF atmosphere with the appearance of a sloppy motorcycle.The score for that
4,?? Maybe I didn't understand... a movie with only question marks left
1,Cold dance
2,Ai such a beautifully wrapped movie -_-;
1,I turned it off because I was bored
5,It was just... It was just like Spielberg. It's boring now.
1,I can't cry
1,This movie is the first and last time I slept better than the movie. three hours of boredom
1,How can you give me 10 points for a movie like this?
6,Let's cut out the last 20 minutes
6,I don't really give movie ratings. But I want to give this movie a little more
3,Are you emotionally dry?It's not that...
1,This movie makes me sick. It's fun
6,It's boring
1,a boring movie
6,I don't think it's good.
5,It's pretty esoteric and way ahead
1,I wondered if Spielberg was senile after watching this
5,Sleepiness
4,I have a headache and it's so gloomy
5,to spoil a Kubrick movie
5,Composition in a touching yet ridiculous story
6,I don't like movies that are too nice~~
4,It's dragging on.
1,Unbelievable
2,It would have been the best movie if I hadn't dragged on too much
5,About 5.5 points? Not 6 points
3,I changed the channel because I was bored
6,That's a little childish
5,I was just like that.
1,It's not that bad
1,It's a poor work
1,I don't like it. Is it just me?~
6,There are a lot of things I can't believe...
2,below expectations
2,I logged in because it was such a boring movie To leave Pyeongnam. (Pun in Korean)
4,I'm sleepy
1,What the hell is this?
4,I'm sleepy. It's me. I don't think it's a good movie.
1,Unrealistic and gibberish; I'm not going to watch robot movies anymore
1,Why isn't there a zero?I got in trouble for being really bored.
5,It was so boring.
4,I only saw Hallizoel and Jude.
3,I fell asleep while watching it. That's all it's about it
6,a loose back That's a shame.
5,Robots are for industrial use only. I'd rather be the Bicentennial
6,Spielberg's desire to remain an eternal Peter Pan
5,I think it's okay just to look at it once
3,The movie is quite boring. I can make it half-hour long
1,It's not even a movie to curse Sweden
1,There's no concept of alien life.
5,The second movie I fell asleep in the theater. The first is Pearl Harbor.
5,Well... should I watch the movie as "message" or "fun"?
1,a poor ending film Points to match the average.
4,The plot is full. But the director's profile is too low. ---;;
1,The narration is so cheesy.
1,Why would I see this?
1,I'll give you 1 point. Don't complain
1,I'm not sure if this is a movie that can be a masterpiece. It's an insult as a movie lover. I want you to delete it from the list.
1,Why make this movie?
1,It's a boredom that I couldn't endure with my fan's heart. I like documentaries. The same goes for the far-fetched part.
1,The ratings... Are they for real? Ppasoon!
1,Czech Republic Coach Air Association
1,I hope my grade will be submitted as evidence during the military service trial^^
1,Make a separate category for this.  I thought it was a rated movie. Annoying
1,Riker;European;Nunileian forensics.
2,It's a big movie and a documentary. If you put in documentaries and watched the performance on the screen.
6,Cleverly targeting fans' hearts of fans.
1,Just study and do the housework
1,It's boring. It's like watching a documentary
1,I'm guessing the scientific research is hot.
1,Oh...LOL
1,I can't help but make a movie out of this. I'm still behind in my movie release. What are you doing?
1,I like Big Bang more
1,My sister is chasing me to see this
1,Why do you make things related to BTS? It's not a joke. Watch Bohemian Rhapsody when you watch this
1,How unfair would it be if a movie that doesn't even look like a movie like this didn't make a real hit or a real "movie"?
1,NAVER movie ranking is messed up.
1,12489899778124
1,I love you
1,It's not fun at all right. Don't look
1,It's not as fun as I thought. I'm looking forward to it
1,Don't ever release a trash movie again
1,You're giving me 10 points for this?LOL
1,I slept for the first time while watching a movie. No fun
1,It's just YouTube.overflow
6,The editing is a shame. It's unclear who the video is for. It feels like only a small B cut was cut to fit in with the YouTube red video. The natural flow would have been better even if it partially overlapped.
1,Look at the tears in the South Pole
1,.. It was boring...
6,BTS scored 10 points. Movies are a bit disappointing.
1,My window is bulletproof glass
1,It's my window bulletproof glass
1,It's really great. It's the best
1,Please get out of the movie rankings.
1,Too bad there's no zero.
1,That's boring... This is a movie? A shocking harmony
6,Is this the only good material for ARMY to trust and screen? I felt a lot of disappointment and I could only feel it as a simple tour video of the tour. It's like there's no story or plan.
5,BTS is better. Empathy vs Wanna One is better. Sadness
1,Why is this in the movie?
1,BTS I look like Jimin
1,How can you make this into a movie?a money-making film
1,You don't even know what song it is and it's just loud? I don't understand why it's on air.
1,To save the movie ecosystem...
1,Phew... I don't see the answer.Watch it on YouTube.Childish kids.
1,I saw it yesterday.It's not like it's going to be documentary on TV. Haha
1,This is how I want to give 11 points
1,Ratings for rating adjustment.
1,I can't believe you made this into a movie
1,It's so touching.I hope to see up to 10 episodes
1,BTS has good firepower
5,A movie that only BTS fans can watch until the end!
1,Only true ARMY can relate to this
4,A movie that I wouldn't watch except for ARMY. The camera was shaking and everything looked the same
1,It's a waste of 1 point. Please think about it when you make this
1,One-line analysis: The movie's favorite group is teenage girls.
6,No 2 or 3 choices
1,I don't like how the Bboongtan movie has the highest rating
1,Idol documentaries can't get this high...Then what do masterpieces become? I'm going to cut it
1,Please be quiet when you see me At the movie theater;;
1,Phew... Let's just worry about our lives.
1,Why are you watching this? Only stupid ARMYs will see it
1,It's so boring that I want to give you 0.1 point
2,"Dessert my fan..."
1,Ppa-soon-ppa-soon-ppa-soo-soon. Let's go for 1 point
1,Why do you rate this? Ppasoon!
1,Is there any movie to make?
4,I think it would have been okay to watch it on TV at home.That's a bummer. There's a lot of distracting feelings.
1,I don't know why it was released as a movie
1,I don't think 1st place is the best...
1,I'm not curious><
2,Don't watch it. You'll regret it
1,It's a documentary only for BTS members. Not funny
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
1,I'm sorry I couldn't give you a zero point.
4,Hmm... It's just... It's not a movie that's going to get this much evaluation
2,It's a brainwashing religion.Seriously
1,The movie's favorite group is teenage girls.
1,Please don't adjust the score. I'll give you 1 point
2,That's a bad idea. It's all over the place
1,NAVER rating system is ruined
1,Is this a movie?
1,You got a higher rating than Bohemian?
1,What is this? I'm not kidding
1,83 people's touching stories...
1,You guys are so cute
1,I'm disappointed. I'll show you the whole song at least one performance. He didn't look serious backstage either.
4,Am I the only one dizzy? I came out in the middle because I thought I was going to throw upBlaming me for being weak...
1,It's a movie for the fans
1,See you at the live concert
2,Look at the cancer terrorists with 10 stars
2,Too bad Muggles can't see it
3,It's my honest evaluation. I don't think this is the number one rating for all movies.
1,It's hard to watch unless you're a fan.
6,BTSIt is already well known how great the fruits of this achievement are. It is a pity that the process of achieving the fruits and what message BTS delivered to ARMY around the world could have been much better expressed in the process.
1,Only the fans can watch it until the end.
2,There's nothing about it.I was looking forward to it.It came out in the middle.Disappointed...
6,The editing isn't that great. It would have been better if the interviews were in between. There was a boring side to it because it was like a documentary. I didn't like it because it felt like a concert.
2,I'm so sleepy. 29~
1,I'm trying to squeeze out all kinds of unfortunate stories
1,I didn't know what it was. What is this?
1,I didn't know what it was. What is this?
1,It's an obvious story and there's no twist. What kind of fun is it?
1,It was such a pity that he tried to persuade me with a great picture video by putting in all kinds of thoughts and incomprehensible contents to say that he enjoys and appreciates every moment of his life.I think it's a movie that made our souls so worthless.
2,It's not fun. Don't watch it
3,It is a propaganda of Pixar animation.
4,The storyline is all over the place and nothing really touches me
4,Parasite-like films The upper echelons touch the common people's laughter is a film that only wins the mind in Korean "us" culture compared to others
1,I don't know what it's about It's not fun to chew
1,Hmm... I'm so touched that I'm squeezing it out. It's childish for adults. If I had gone with jazz from start to finish.
2,The good memories were ruined by the racist performance Give it back to me
2,It's not fun for me. Why is the rating so high?
6,More than I thought... Don't look forward to it. It's going to be fun
2,Are you sure you saw the review that it's not fun?
5,Well...
6,Pixar and Disney meet and go under
5,The movie itself is okay
1,Why are the main characters political?
6,I think it taught me to be satisfied with my life right now
1,What kind of philosophy do you have?
6,I think it's great for time killing
1,It wasn't too funny except for showing something new and philosophical.
1,Cheap lesson...Did you master your life?
6,The meaninglessness of life? I think it's just to enjoy it
2,GFRIEND scolds me for sleeping while watching this.
6,I'm too skinny to be immersed in the animation. But the sky and the wind. Trees. Bright sunlight in between. I feel grateful for life only when I feel the impression of nature.
4,It's a good to see.
1,It's not fun at all. It's interesting to see people who think this movie is fun
6,The message I'm trying to convey is too heavy.I like movies that I can watch without thinking.
6,An animation for adults.It's a calm movie to watch.
6,An animation like a fairy tale for adults.It makes me look back on the purpose of life
4,a calm and enlightening film
5,It wasn't fun
6,It was boring. But the characters are so cute
5,The little moments of life that will never come again.
1,I'm bored. I really slept
6,I just thought it was easy.
6,a movie full of jazz in everyday life
6,It's a sad but beautiful movie
2,I recommend it to people with insomnia.I think I slept in a refreshingly.
2,Graphic surprise. The story is distracting
6,a snobbishly Coco is better
6,I strongly recommend it to my acquaintances. I raised my expectations too high. Usually.
6,It's worse than Onward.
6,I was looking forward to it so much...It's kind of boring.
6,I don't know why I showed you the rabbit hole in the beginning. It's not something that adults can enjoy
6,I think it's a little boring at first.
2,It's like a movie that young people like.  I was disappointed that there weren't many messages.
1,Is it a benefit of COVID-19? an elementary-level movie that is not worth releasing in theaters
6,Well ...
3,Corona... It's not 10 points for tabloid part-timer.LOL
2,Don't give me lessons in my life
6,The Pixar movie was not the best. It was not fun or touching
6,I didn't understand the movie. So I don't know where it was touching.
2,It's not fun. I thought I was going to die of sleep
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much after looking at the score그The topic didn't shake my heart or make me cry. I thought it would be touching...
6,It didn't really touch me. Is it because I have high expectations? I just enjoyed it ~
6,It was boring. A good movie to show children.
4,It's not very...I don't like it either... It was boring.
5,We don't necessarily need anything special or grand in our lives
6,I felt that the content was more obvious and boring than I expected from the review. I almost dozed off
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it so much. Watch it on TV!
6,It's a movie that makes you remember the meaning of life that you forgot
6,It's good for killing time
2,The story was too boring and boring
6,You did a great job with the graphics
4,The story I expected...It was below expectations
6,Yum. It's good to enjoy it moderately
6,It wasn't good
5,It wasn't as good as I thought. I think I was looking forward to it too much
1,I've enjoyed Disney Pixar's movies. I hope you can watch it later
4,It was kind of boring. Even the kids couldn't concentrate
6,I think I need to focus on it. It's a little hard
1,It's boring... It's really boring...
6,Pixar movie or DreamWorks movie. It's been a long time since I've seen a movie filled with such distracting and hateful characters.
2,It's a little difficult for children to understand
4,It wasn't fun.I slept...
5,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. But I think it'll come to mind again later
1,I watched it with the members and they said it wasn't fun and I wasn't
2,I was fooled by the rating. Shoes.
6,I enjoyed it. ^^ I think I enjoyed it more as a mother than a child.
4,It's not fun or touching.  It's kind of like squeezing  It was such a waste of time. I can't even go out in the middle because it's a car theater. Someone said this is touching. They all seem like part-timers.
2,It's not that fun Just watch it at home It's just loose
5,Inside Out + Coco... Pixar doesn't feel new and new these days. I think it's still the best place to see
1,It was boring because it seemed to emphasize only the instructive meaning. The fact that the story is different from the emotions of Koreans is one of the things that is hard to focus on.But you have great directing skills
2,Everyone feels differently!
6,It's good to watch while healing with a light heartI gained courage
6,It feels like inside out
6,It's less touching and fun than other Disney movies
6,Normal content... I was slightly impressed only in the scene where I found the meaning of life.
1,A movie that doesn't seem like it's going to give you a single star
4,It's kind of boring... I made a lot of Valentine's Day chocolate
2,It's really boring. Don't watch the worst movie I've ever seen
4,The first part is boring. It's touching.
2,Summary: Ang Nager Ang Singing OOOO Yes Pepperoni Pizza John Deliciously Ending Ang of the Dead
5,I was amazed by the beauty of the animation
6,It is a masterpiece that does not approach fairy tales for adults such as Inside Out and Up.
6,Disney's movie is getting less and less moving. a movie that makes you want to listen to jazz only
6,I realize again that dreams aren't everything in life
6,Babies don't understand the content. It's very philosophical and profound
4,I was looking forward to it so much... But Pixar is Pixar
6,It's a meaningful storyBut you can be bored and sleepy
5,It's a movie where Hobble is divided
2,I don't know...dozing off in the middle
6,I've seen a lot of... There's nothing special about it
2,Jjamppong with many things. It's normal
2,It's not fun at all.
6,It's just an animated movie. It's not that touching...
6,Park Pyung-Ship: Cotton Candies with Jazz Performance Enter the Earth and Exit
4,I was a bit sleepy about the storyline So I fell asleep because I was so sleepy. It's just me. It's not my style.
4,I like Disney but this is so boring
1,It's the most boring Disney movie. It's a ball bar and a sharp ear
1,It's boring and boring
6,That's too obvious. What's the best movie
4,But I think people should know the reason and purpose of life clearly. It's because you're not thrown into the world without meaning.
4,I slept because I was bored. One of the production skills from time to time is really...
2,It's been more than an hourYou can watch it until middle school
6,It's nice to watch lightly and without thinking
2,No fun. I can only hear "No fun 22"
6,Am I abnormal because I've been bored all this time?
2,I fell asleep while watching it. I think my skin got better thanks to you.
6,I was a little sleepy.But it's meaningful Haha
1,Overlapped. It's not as funny as you think. It's not as touching as you think
6,There's no consistency in the subject I can't feel the unique concept of each character and it's hard to feel the image beauty. The state of the cat and the main character's soul being reversed only makes it more difficult to convey the meaning of the movie consistently.
6,The content was fun but a little boring
4,How many times do I think about going out in the middle? Just animation
6,It's not as good as I thought. It's just cute
4,I don't have fun
6,I fell asleep while watching...I'm bored. You can't expect to see a movie like Coco. The ratings...
1,It's hard to see the kids and I'm not that moved...
6,A good movie to watch with your family
4,It's so-so. The storytelling was weaker than I thought.
6,It's kind of boring to look at with the kids
6,Make sure you watch the cookie video. You'll regret it if you don't
1,It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun
6,The movie was interesting and interesting. But I don't want you to be so immersed in this movie that you can't make up your life
5,There's a book called Journey of the Souls
4,a movie that you have to focus on
4,Obvious story. Daily life is precious to those who are having a hard time due to COVID-19 I think I want to teach you a lesson in fairy tales
4,The music is really good The story is new but boring
6,The visual beauty and the song were so good But the characters were kind of crude and I couldn't relate to them Was my expectation too high?
6,Music is very good. But the doggy philosophy of life is hard to listen to
6,It's just worth watching. I think I was going to be touched
4,I knew there was a real rating part-time job.I slept while snoring.
4,I don't know. A movie that makes me think a lot after watching it.It's philosophical. It's not the second Coco
2,I dozed off and came out especially the kids don't understand at all it's so calm hmm
6,Somewhere between the quest for humanity and the quest for 8th grade disease
1,The worst movie of my life
6,Am I too tired of society?Or was it because I was looking forward to the reviews and went to see it? T
2,I can sleep well. I recommend watching it when you can't sleep
2,More than I expected...
2,An animation that's a waste of time. Gm is more fun
1,It's a bit boring and the kids don't like it.There's no strong point
6,There's a cookie video I think Coco was more touched
6,Lesson. Let's enjoy every moment
6,Where are my pants?!!
1,I dozed off while watching...
4,the action of looking at something as if it were not focused on fun
6,The direct list of messages is daunting
4,Jerry and Terry? It'll be pretty if they come out as mood lights
4,It's just a killing time movie!
6,It was fun! Touching! Tears! I'm going to watch it one more time
6,It's okay. It was good for killing time
6,I'm getting really sleepy watching it seems...Hah!
1,It's not fun... I watched it because it was free. It would have been unfair if I paid for it.
2,Was I looking forward to it too much? The probability... The song is so good
6,The movie is so so so soul...
6,The content... It's hard. It's hard
6,It's cliché as if it's not cliché.
1,Who said this was fun? Don't look. It's a waste of money
6,I like music and I think I should enjoy my life
6,I saw it with my kid. It's kind of boring
6,I saw it. It was just calm
6,I don't understand the initial content and it's so boring because the subtitles are weird. Pixar seems to be overrated
2,I will never go to the movies again
2,The Pride of Pixar's Moral Book
6,Coco and Soul are not in sync with me. "Preciate your day!" I was tired from the usual self-improvement book. Jazz was nice to hear. You won the OST award.
4,No fun. The rabbit video was the most fun
6,It was just like that. Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it
1,Boring and boring. It's not even touching.
1,I had a good night's sleepIt's so calm that I'm bored.
4,I fell asleep while watching it.He's dragging his feet.But video beauty is good
4,It was a shame to see him not giving up on his dream
2,Was it because I had high expectations?It's a boring movie...
1,I just fell asleep because I was sleepy
5,It's a little better than Onward Coco.The beauty of the video is not as good as Pixar's masterpieces
6,I'll use more good ideas and see you in the second episode
6,I'm not as satisfied as I thought. It feels warm.
2,I slept well. It's not my cup of tea
6,Thank you. I watched it with a 9-year-old girl. She's having a hard time K
2,It's not that good. It's hard for kids to understand
6,It's about a person who sympathized with me a lotIt was predictable from the beginningI was bored in the middle of sleeping... The last one is touching
2,Bored and sleepy I don't know why the reviews are so good
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? So so... I dozed off a lot in the beginning
6,You may be disappointed if you look forward to it.
6,It was fun. I liked it because it was a story where my soul changed and I succeeded
2,Only pretty in the prettiness. Very little content.
6,Pixar's message to young Koreans who dream of becoming a civil servant. An animation as difficult and profound as Tenet for children.
6,It wasn't sad. The video was pretty
6,Civil servant lectures are more fun
4,I can't be the only one to die. Make sure to watch the last cookie video.
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much
6,Then the inside out was much more fun.
6,It's calm. There was nothing special
6,The reality of the male protagonist was more attractive
6,(3.5) Pixar's boring self-replication
6,I think I had high expectations Hh so so so
4,Except for the good OST...It's just so so...This kind of movie is full of cold
1,The movie that came out in the middle... It wasn't fun for me.0
1,Summarized by the word "injective emotion"
1,It's not as good as I expected
4,I just don't like it.It's not a good match with Jeonghan.
1,No Jam. I don't know why you like this
6,It was so calm at firstIt's getting more fun towards the end
4,It was more boring than I thought because I expected too much.
6,I'm sick and tired of directing that I fell in love with something. An animation for adults
6,It's a warm movie and I enjoyed it. I think it's a good movie for killing time.
2,Is this fun?I think it's Pixar's dark history
2,a film with no contentI was so disappointed because I was looking forward to the content like Coco.
6,A movie I don't want to see again.It's not as good as "up" and "inside out."
3,What was it? It felt like that.
4,It wasn't that fun one trillion
6,I think it's a movie that really teaches a lesson But kids might get bored It can be comforting for people who are bored and have no meaning in their lives
6,Boring and obvious touching story...
6,Pixar's was surprisingly less than expected.The story is so boring... I think cute characters play a big role
4,The latter part is touching but boring
2,It wasn't fun.I got a GPA
6,It was just like that's all. So so
6,Don't look forward to it!
6,a quiet movie not a deep lesson
6,It wasn't enough to bring out a good movie or a big sensation.
4,I don't agree with all these reviewsIt was such a boring movie for me. Am I mistaken?영상The visual beauty was good
6,It's not an animation for children.
4,I fell asleep while watching it. It's a movie that shows that I got Chinese money.
2,I hope CGV and MEGABOX will fail without any noise I don't want to go easy on you
4,Too many questions asked. throughout the whole time
4,a far-fetched development
6,It wasn't as good as I expected
4,I can't relate to American jokes
1,I'm bored. The audience in front of me lied down and slept.
6,A good movie to watch in the Corona era
6,Don't expect too much. A movie that taught a lesson rather than fun
6,I didn't understand what they were trying to say in the beginning because the word "flame" didn't hit home
5,A movie that touches people's hearts. It's a movie that's worth watching these days
6,Look at Wonder Woman 1984
1,Pixar is also moving towards a Disney-style ending; there is no way life will change after watching this
1,It's not fun. I fell asleep. I was disappointed
6,A movie that tells you what's really important. Strongly recommend
4,Everyone gave me a high rating. I was a bit sleepy
1,I fell asleep while watching it. I'm not that touched by boredom
6,It ends like Ralph the Fist?
6,So what's the lesson?crying
1,I don't know if my emotions are dead or if Pixar's emotions are no longer effective Now
1,a film of obvious story with an ending Audience reviews were touching. It's my favorite movie. It's a cartoon for adults It looks like it
6,I was a bit bored this timeBut the rating is very highHaha
5,I'm worried that a child will fall in love with a mouse
6,everything sight and taste can give
1,Protect Dongting Lake with reasonable storage
1,Accelerating the Planning of Aeronautical Health Examinations
6,a nutrition diet based on lessons
6,A cartoon that children will like to see.
4,Let the world benefit from gourmet food!
6,I had a lot of thoughts after watching the movie. So should I take those ideas positively or just as a movie itself?Unreal is sometimes so realistic that it gives me goosebumps
6,Maybe this is Hollywood's intelligent anti-France
6,A lesson play (or sniper) filled with taste and aroma in the land of art.
2,It is suggestive and the flow is predictable. Sleep in the middle
6,It is hard to find such a good story and composition. But there are some holes in the film.
3,Am I old? Is the movie childish?
1,It's bitter
1,I don't think so.
1,I don't like Pixar the most
6,I don't know what the hell you're feeling when you see this.It's not funny
3,It's not that fun... Maybe it's because it's a mouse
1,Touching? This?
4,I have a hunch it's gonna be a cheap comedy.
1,It was boring.
3,I can't believe this movie has more than 9 points. No way.
1,There you go
1,The world's best cook is really good
1,not much
1,Bad
3,Pixar's imagination is amazing. Happy ending where we say let's not have bad reviews and think positively
6,It was hard to immerse myself because of the very bad feeling about rats.
2,The material is so common that it's not fun. It's in the 9th grade
5,It's not that...
1,Maybe because I saw Will-e first. I can't see the other Annie.
5,I knew it was boring.
1,Are you kidding? There are political rats in our country
6,Family animation with a lesson that anyone can cook
3,This is the first time I've ever seen a movie quit.
6,I couldn't feel interested. I gave up in the middle of watching.
1,The rating is too high; it's true that it's childish because it's a cartoon; 6-7 is appropriate; let's cut the rating!
6,It was fun.
2,a cure for insomnia
1,Not really
6,I was looking forward to it. It's just a kid's movie
5,That's a lot of foam on the rating. It's worth a look.
6,It wasn't that funny
1,I slept while watching it... Maybe it's because I watched it when I was sleepy...Childish.
4,It's just a cooking fairy tale.
6,It's perfect to kill time
1,I want to be touched
1,Just Annie
1,I'm not crazy
1,That's cute
1,Good
1,Not really
6,Is it because I'm compared to other animations? I can't really relate to it.
6,It's just an animation
1,It's not fun at all. Don't worry
1,I can't believe a pathetic movie.
1,It's the best animation I've ever
1,It's a movie that elementary school students will like
1,It was the worst
2,Why do I get angry when I see Linguini?
5,People who watched this movie will regret it after seeing the movie score.LOL
2,It is still the most worth watching animation I have ever seen. Two points
3,It's really not fun. I saw it on video and I thought it would be fun!I shouldn't have borrowed it.
6,It's just...
1,It's not a waste of time. But not the best. Disagreeing with high ratings
6,The story was good but boring
1,I don't like graphics
1,Very childish
1,It'd be great to watch it with the kids
1,It's not as fun as the Incredibles.
3,I feel like I'm not good enough for Nemo and the Incredibles... I might have exaggerated my expectations
1,I didn't show you the movie
5,I made it well...
1,Ann Byulu
3,That was a bit childish
1,It wasn't that boring
1,I can't believe it's this high.
1,not much
1,It's a lot of fun
1,Let's not give any movie or 10 points. 8 points is a good movie.
1,..What's so funny?
1,Is it because of the high expectations?
1,There's no jam when you get older
1,It's not fun
1,There's really nothing much to it.
1,Just a fun movie
3,I'll have to watch it again later. I don't understand why this is funny.
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I can only think of Stuart Little
1,A disappointing movie compared to my expectations;
1,I had a good night's sleep.
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,It's not that fun
1,I don't want to see Annie anymore
1,Childish.
1,For elementary school students
1,Why would a rat carrying germs cook? Ugh...
1,I don't like it
6,OO fart is not fun Let's fart
5,It's so disappointing for the rating.
6,It's distracting
1,It's not fun. It's childish. I'd rather have Nintendo
4,That's so cute. I watched it for fun
1,The worst movie in my life
6,Am I the only one who's not funny?
5,Childish and common touch CG's unnaturalness
4,I'd rather watch Toy Story one more time.
1,It's the worst... 3rd-rate story.That was so cliche
2,I don't like it
5,Modern stereotypical family animation Moderate laughter Moderate touching Pixar I'm sick of it...
3,It was amazing that rats cooked! The perfect match between a mouse and a person! It's fun.
6,Graphic fantasy. I'm impressed.
6,It's like a movie that kids can enjoy watching
5,Elementary school movies. I made it well.
5,It's fun as long as you don't expect it's fun.
6,I'm hungry.
1,These guys are crazy. They're not funny
6,Did I expect too much?
1,It's not good
5,The video is really 10 points! The story is sloppy.
6,From vague recipes to meta-criticism. Remi's acrimonious "Chef Success Story"
1,Annie's not my cup of tea
2,The worst Pixar movie ever... I never thought I'd be disappointed in Pixar. I feel like I watched a Sunday morning cartoon.
1,Dirty rats
1,Dirty rats
6,It was fun
1,You made this Annie? It's a story that's not as good as a B-rated Annie
1,I hate rats the most
5,It wasn't the last scene.
5,Everyone has talent
6,I saw it when I was hungry. It made me want to cook. What did the mouse cook? Yuck...
6,"Everyone can do it." It's left in my heart
1,What?
4,Ugh... I fell asleep in the middle...
4,It's not my cup of tea. Annie's not that...
1,..I'm not touched
1,Mice must be exterminated
2,A typical American animation is not funny
5,I saw it on NAVER and it was really boring -_- The kids were tired of it
5,I shouldn't just pick a movie based on the ratings^^
1,It was so boring. What a waste of money.uu
6,I put so many elements into the animation that it was a little boring than neat taste
6,The worst Pixar Annie I've ever seen.
1,You're so childish. You'll like elementary school kids
1,Did only elementary students watch it? The rating is ridiculous LOL
5,I just watched it without thinking
1,Anti
1,This isn't right
1,It's "Chaanseup"
6,It's time to get out of the schematic...I hate movies that I try to point at
3,It's really bad... It's so boring =[
6,It was good. It was good to watch the movie version where the concept is played like these days
4,It's not that funny.
1,There's nothing to see
5,I was just like that
5,I think it's better not to believe in the ratings. It's just a normal movie.
1,The video is very beautiful and the content is warm. It's just boring and cliche.
3,Are you drinking water?
6,It's just... It's just
3,medium load
4,It's just good for killing time.
1,What a waste of money.
1,not much
2,It looks so delicious. The mouth-watering rat dish...
1,The rating is too high. a movie worth 8 points
4,I don't know
1,Dog Tatouille
1,It's similar to Stuart Little. I don't like it
1,It's weird that D-War's fancy holiday is higher than this
1,not much
6,It's not as interesting as the evaluation.
1,It was just like that
1,moving
5,I looked back because I was bored in the middle It's worth seeing
2,I fell asleep because it was so funny.
1,I'm going to watch it today. I will correct the rating after watching it.
1,What is this...
1,Childish.
3,It's money.
2,It's a movie that doesn't suit me.
2,Let's download this
1,Why is the rating high? -.-; theory
6,The story is boring.
3,Pixar seems to be making a boring cartoon like this from time to time.
2,Spring isn't a big deal because of the kids
1,I don't really...
6,I was looking forward to it a lot
1,I'll get 1 point for a comic book lol
1,what.
1,What is it?
1,The rat in the movie--
1,It's really childish... I'm an elementary schooler
1,I watched the dubbing and slept
1,Does your mother know you guys are like this?
6,A movie that I watched for 30 minutes while holding back my sleep for an hour and 20 minutes.
1,I'm a kid
1,lol
1,Why watch this in theaters? I'll download it
1,5 hmm...........................
5,For a Pixar movie... It wasn't that fun.
6,..-_-;The way the 10 scorers speak is similar--there's a conspiracy here
6,It's not a drama with 10 stars.You must have worked out a lot
1,I saw you cooking mice.
6,More than I thought... It would have been fun if I watched it without expectations
1,I almost threw up watching the mice cook.
5,It'd look fun if it's made of ingredients
6,Did I expect too much? I'm way below the previous ones.
2,Are you kidding me ^^;;
1,It's for elementary school students
1,It wasn't fun. It was funny
1,It looks like fun
6,It's fun
6,It's a good story. It's fun to watch lightly
1,It's a bit childish...
4,somehow
6,It's better than Dewar
5,It's only a matter of time before Annie in the U.S. falls behind Japan and catches up with Europe
1,crying
4,Look at Tom and Jerry LOL
3,Throw it out.
1,I fall asleep while watching...
1,D-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W! rataturugen LOL
1,Byulung
1,This isn't right
1,What's wrong with this? It's so boring
1,That's childish
1,This is too obvious.
1,Zola is not funny
5,Boring... What's the story?
5,It's not as good as the Incredibles. But I recommend it among animations!
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.
6,It's my first time feeling a little disappointed when I saw Pixar Annie.
1,I almost threw up when I saw the mice cooking ★
1,way to go
4,It was a bit boring. The mouse was cute
1,It's an elementary movie
1,a sleepy movie
1,a sleepy movie
6,Dewar gave birth...
1,That's strange.
3,The rating is too high for the work...
1,It's going to be No. 1 on NAVER's movie list
1,May the Transformers be reversed
6,It was just worth watching
1,Top
1,I don't think it's a nine-point movie.
3,I should've seen D-War
1,That's too bad. And that's too bad.Is it because I forced myself to watch it?
1,I was tricked by my GPA.What's funny?
1,Is this a movie? What a waste of money
1,I'm not giving you 10 points. I'm not giving you enough to escape Shawshank.
1,Your rating is too highHigher than time girl
1,It's a mess before the movie
1,a total disappointment
4,It's similar to the movie I watched when I was young
1,Elementary student control
1,Merge;;;
1,10 points?
1,The people who gave me 10 points at the bottom... Kindergarten level child annie -_-
1,First place in the overall ranking?
1,I don't like it
1,The bubble is a big one. I don't want you to be fooled.
1,It's been a while since I had a good night's sleep at a movie theater
1,It's not that bad.
1,It's not that...
5,I lost my concentration.
6,Obvious story...
1,Childish pants...
6, as it is
5,It wasn't as good as I thought
1,No elementary school kids. It's annoying
6,It was just like that
5,trifling
1,That's the worst  Shaking
1,Why did you make it?
3,It's just a movie
4,I'm sleepy but I'm forced to sleep.It's boring even if you look at it until the end
6,There are a lot of things to see...
6,It's fun to watch again...
2,I just slept. I slept so well
1,Harry Potter is the best
6,More than I thought...It's not a movie to look for.
6,Harry Potter is a hundred times more fun
2,It's a movie that I still don't know what's fun.There are a lot of things to see.I don't know how to make it funBoring and...It's not my cup of tea.
1,What are you doing right now? It's unnecessarily long!I thought there would be more after 3 hours. But I don't want to give you 1 point. I have to choose a point to upload it
1,An interesting blockbuster movie. But Naver's rating is too high.
1,It's too high. It's a little boring.
1,It's too long. I'm not going to watch the series because the movie doesn't end well. It's boring
1,horse imitations of farmers and herdsmen in southern China
1,Why is sleeping so famous? Please explain
6,The most overrated movie ever.
1,I'm so bored. I was wondering why this is a masterpiece and fell asleep
1,Nunit and the natives.
1,International Public Law on Planning and Development of Prices and Environment Projects
1,Nunes is openly ventilated and highly exasperated.
1,Normative Code on the Joy of Nuggets and Human Goodness
6,It's not really funny.The movie is too long
2,I don't understand why these people are raving about the movie.
1,It's a boring and trashy movie
1,Why did you watch this movie?
1,I turned it off than the first episode. It's so boring
1,Hobbits Can't Watch It Because They're Caught in Cancer
1,Do not compare to Harry Potter.I really held it in and turned it off. It's not fun
1,It's not my style. It doesn't suit me
1,The hobbits are in the dark
3,I haven't watched this famous movie until now.Is it because I don't like fantasy genre? It's really boring.
2,I think I slept for 3 hours after watching Kim.No fun + memories
1,Don't compare twilight with trash like Lord of the Rings.
1,Why is it so boring? I can't watch it until the end
1,The movie is too long. It's a movie that only people who like this kind of movie can watch
1,Not really. Bored and sleepy.
6,This movie is really interesting. I strongly recommend it.
1,It's a boring movie. Kids like it
1,The first part is boring and boring
6,The movie is full of CG and has no sense of reality.It's not fun. Game of Thrones is the best
1,The rating is too high.
2,The graphic is poo! That's it
1,The first part is boring and boring
1,Let's not make a movie into this.
6,It was pretty good.
6,It's so obvious... the cliché of fantasy
4,a very boring movie What a masterpiece.
6,Episode 1 is the least fun. Episode 3 is worth watching
1,I watched it for the fun of seeing Liv Tyler's beauty
1,a feast of boredom
1,A movie that went to the cinema with a bloated heart but was disappointed by the endless boredom
1,It was so famous that the movie was not interesting
2,The first part was rather boring.
1,not much
1,It's boring. Rather. Movie The Rock! This was a lot more interesting. There's really nothing to see. Noose and boredom.
1,...Am I weird? crying
1,Who wants to throw the ring?
1,It was so childish. -- What kind of movie is this?
1,What kind of childish movie is it?
6,It wasn't fun
5,I don't know why it's a masterpiece crying
5,FANTASY who doesn't know what it means because it's so abbreviated
1,It's the first time I haven't seen a movie to the end. I'm sad that I can't relate to what others say
2,It's too long
1,I'm bored. I thought I was going to die. That's so boring.
5,It's not funny.
1,The main character is so frustrating... I'll save the main character after he dies
3,A movie that was so boring that I was so sleepy
3,It's a waste of money to watch
3,The people who give this 10 points are the ones who enjoy murder. It's so dirty
1,It's the worst Rapunzel series I've ever seenHonestly...;;;;;
1,Why is this coming out? Most of the people who gave me 10 points didn't know that
1,Let's get the link right NAVER Movie Management -_-
1,What is this? I'm going to meet you right now I clicked on the rating cycle
1,a perfect bummer
1,It's not fun
1,a separate room
6,The story of an invincible marine whose army defeats a powerful alien with a gun;;;
1,What's fun? An ugly ring...Power to sleep? What is absolute power?
6,So boring... ...I fell asleep three times in the middle...
5,Maybe I don't fit well with fantasy movies. I was bored because the running time was too long.
3,I don't know what's funny about this.All that is worth seeing is the background...
5,I think the reason why people praise me is because I'm attracted to the direction and scale
5,What's the difference from Dragon Ball? It feels like I'm watching a cartoon on a nice screen.
6,I saw it when it was released and it was boring.
1,What a waste of time!
1,I think it is too boring for a fantasy movie
2,There aren't many action scenes in the first episode.
1,It took me 6 days to watch a movie that I would not have enjoyed even if I watched it in 2002.I turned it off and off because I was bored
1,It's not good
1,I don't think it's funny.
1,It's not worth looking at
1,Rubbish movie this movie should be ruined
2,I watched it because my friends told me to watch it.Not really
1,Fantasy doesn't suit me
1,It's a crowd mentality to give 10 points to the peak of boredom
1,It was quite boring...
6,I hate Lord of the Rings.
6,1 is not fun
1,The best trash movie of my life
4,not much
4,I guess my emotions are dry...
6,I honestly don't know if there's any jam
1,Why am I so bored...
1,I was bored so I watched it for about 30 minutes and slept.
1,be the best sleeping pill
1,Boredom
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before.
5,It's a fun fantasy
6,a sense of boredom...I don't like it
1,It's too long
1,It's really boring
6,The production cost is a waste...
2,Is it because I watched the least interesting movie among foreign movies when I was tired after the exam?
3,It's not perfect
1,I slept while watching it. It's a waste of a carrot.
3,It was the most boring. It depends on the person
5,It's boring... It' T
6,It's kind of boring
1,Not really
5,Is this that funny? Books and movies
2,The rating is too much.
1,I get angry at the netizens' ratings
1,I only remember the ones that came out...It's not fun... Is it just me?
6,I guess it doesn't fit with fantasy.
5,It's not my style. Why do people say Jiwon is funny?
5,You don't like it with me?
4,What is it about?
5,I'm going to destroy the ring. Only about 10 people? Are you kidding?
4,Wearing a ring is not invincible. What's good about it?
6,It's worth watching if you don't know FANTASY. Warrior Gandalf is not used to...
1,If it's fun...
3,I don't know. Can I say it's more interesting than a blockbuster?
6,Just an interesting series that will be praised by teenagers all over the world.
6,Scale and CG are just enviable. Will we be able to do it in 10 years?
5,I thought the first episode was so much fun that I fell asleep.
3,There are only things to see and the content is completely --;
6,Are you preparing all day long -_-; but I'll let it slide because it's a series
6, well
1,ninth
1,A movie like OOOO
5,Are you preparing all day long == =; But I'll let it slide because it's a series
3,I slept because I was bored. Experts say big-scale movies have good scores.
1,It's a children's movie.
2,It's not fun. I'm director Lee's poem. personally
1,Boring from beginning to end.
6,I really don't like the Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter series.
4,What's with the ring?
1,I was watching a boring movie and I fell asleep because I was bored
1,The expedition is not fun because there is no war.
1,It's kind of boring
3,I was bored
4,Disappointed in the great expectations... something was missing.The tribe was too big.
1,Let's not import movies like this. It's a waste of foreign currency. The movie is awesome
1,a dull and dull movie
2,a movie that doesn't even give stars
1,It's a waste to give this movie one point. -_-
5,an unnecessary drag on storytelling. It's boring
1,The height of boredom! What if the scenery is nice?
6,It's really cool
1,It's too simple
6,a movie with a good actor and great scenery
1,It's a waste of a single point
6,It's just that the scale is big. That's all I don't see
4,A spectacular movie with a small ring!
4,I fell in love...
5,Frodo's eyes are so charming.*^^*
6,The visual beauty stands out and it seems to have something to see and content
1,I guess I don't know how to watch movies. a movie full of regrets
6,a mild old story
5,The movie is really 90's Korean sentiment. It's really old and I felt like riding a time machine Shim Eunha looks so cute and she is good at acting. But even the grandmother who asked me to take a picture here is really good at acting But it's kind of boring.
6,I can only see my old self
6,a movie in which longing and sadness coexist
1,This is a zero point movie
2,It's not funny
6,I don't like the parking ticket off
1,It was a movie that made you log in.
1,This is never 11 points. The tears that come out of my eyes are the number "11".
1,Should I keep watching after 15 minutes?
5,Hannam Fantasy movie. Shim Eunha suddenly fell in love with it. No one knows why she fell in love with it. She looks like her age
6,Shim Eunha was really pretty back then
4,A director who loves himself so much as a man and wants to be emotional. the lingering effects of the film But the fox is emotionally wrapped.
1,I give you 1 point because I'm sad.
1,The time limit setting is cliché. What's wrong with Korean dramas and movies?
1,Tired and impossible to tell in modern society
1,It's a waste of 1 point...The best part-timer in grade points
1,Lowering the rating hehehe
6,Spring days were as bad as going. The bubbles are too much.There are too many 10 points part-time jobs.
3,It's so cheesy. I feel like I'm going to go crazy
1,It's in the Korean textbook But the content is so frustrating crying
5,Some kind of boring movie;;;
2,It's Byul-Lu! It's Byul-Lu!
1,How dare you grade this movie with 10 points?I want to give you 11 points for the 1 point I give you!
1,I think it was a little bad.
1,It was the best movie ever!
1,It's really boring. It's boring and I don't know what it's about
1,It's my fault that I trusted NAVER's rating. I gave you one point because it wasn't a 9-point movie. It was too quietI don't want anyone who believes in ratings and watches them like movies that are overpackaged with top actors.
5,Hmm... Maybe it's because we're from a different generation... I wasn't immersed in the movie.
6,The movie would have given a perfect score if it were just a story of a man who was about to die.Why do you have to be in the middle of an awkward romance?
6,It's calm and soft.It was a movie that lingered in my mind
1,a movie that fits perfectly
1,This isn't right either. It's such a long movie
1,I don't like it... Is it just a small story about ordinary people?
1,It's December right now. Why August?
1,The love of failure has never been glorified
1,Wow... It's just... Really... I won't tell you...
6,Watch it with your friendIt's okay
1,I don't want to see it again.
1,I looked forward to it because it was 9.23 and it's boring. But Sim Eunha is really pretty. Legendary in the 90s
1,I don't know what's a good movie. The rating is too high. 6 points is enough
5,It was so calm that I was a little bored. But Sim Eunha was really pretty
1,Isn't this movie the original Japanese movie? There was a very similar movie. Which is the original?
5,The ratings are a bit too high.
6,I can only think of Shim Eun-ha's clean beauty. It's so calm. It doesn't hit home.
1,It's not that...
1,I don't recommend it
1,I don't recommend it
5,calm and light props
1,This is a rating scam. The content is boring. What is it boring?
4,It's a romance that the ladies would like.
1,I didn't like it
6,It's a story about the most trite disease that makes love impossible.The movie and the rating are exaggerated.
1,It's not the kind of movie that gives a big impression
6,The letter and the promise are much sadder and more interesting than this movie
6,Should I say that it feels empty? Should I say it's empty?
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,Not good.
3,What a waste; I personally don't like this setting. He didn't even give me a call me
1,A movie that showed the boredom of melodrama regardless of fun.
1,What is this? It's boring.
6,It's not easy
1,Am I emotionally dry?
6,Just.
6,It's a good movie.I'm tired of being so calm.
1,The worst movie in my life...That's too much.~
3,... I was tricked
1,It's so obvious
5,What's this calmness -_-
1,Top
2,I'd like to thank the people who are attracted to the ratings.
1,The movie that Shim Eunha came out and ruined...
1,be as bad as a dog
5,bring out a big thing against a simple background
1,The rating is too high
6,Not as much as expected.
6,Starting calmly and ending quietly... This observation is difficult for me.
1,It was fun
1,It was fun.
4,Huh? It's too high score?
5,This isn't right.
4,It seems too simple to see.
1,in vain;;
5,I saw him when he was so young. You don't seem to understand. It wasn't fun
1,What about 10 points?
1,Izziever
1,It's not fun
3,It only flows gently. Very calmly. Very gently. It's too calm...
1,I'm forced to cry. I'm forced to cry!
1,I'm so tired of it.
5,It was just a calm feeling of calm
6,It's just that kind of romance
6,slept.
5,A movie without much emotion or tears. Bored...
1,It wasn't very interesting;
1,What? This is 1 point!
5,a boring movie without much emotion and tears
2,That's nice
5,The movie I don't know.
2,Childishness is really boring. I guess it's because I watched it again in 2022
2,Why isn't this rated R?
1,Is this fun? What's the standard for Joseon guys to be funny and sad? I don't understand at all
2,A Typical Kimchi Girl Breeding Original Film
1,The rating is too high.
6,The story is not natural and boring... an impromptu movie
1,It's definitely not a movie with a rating of nine. This is just a movie story that Jun Jihyun and Cha Taehyun did. It's not fun. I watch it to see Jun Jihyun's face. This was the prettiest time
1,It's not funny. It's just bizarre.
1,This is by no means a point. I want to give 11 points.
5,Is this a masterpiece? I don't know.
1,It's a funny movie
1,What the hell is this? jQuery22407068649792745352_1518632162954?
6,Jeon Ji-hyun's behavior in the drama was so strange
1,Canon is such a waste for this movie
1,It's a waste of a star. The story is a mess when Jun Jihyun keeps coming out
1,Just say that Jun Ji Hyun is pretty. A low-level movie with 9 points for Jun Ji Hyun
1,I just didn't like it.
1,It's like watching Younggu and Ddangchil. What's so funny about this?
1,It's hard to watch a movie in my right mind for more than 10 minutes. 9.3? Korea is crazy. Is that weird?
1,The past glorification is too severe. The current rating is not fair.
1,A movie that only Tteolttak likes
1,It's such a nuisance to see the heroine for 30 minutes
1,Do you eat?
1,I don't think it's a good movie these days
1,Korean women are going crazy with this movie. They look like they're omniscient beings.
1,The story is so weird. It's a movie that I watch with Jun Jihyun
2,It's a movie that won't come out until '80s
5,It's a good movie to watch while smiling. But it's a movie that's embarrassing to recommend to others
5,There's a lot of foam.
1,I didn't want to see the heroine as a freak and almost psychotic  Zooms who feel vicarious satisfaction for treating Nam Joo are ratedIt's on top of course
1,Too bad I can't give you zero points
1,It was really boring from the middle. I don't really adjust the rating
1,It's so boring
1,a strange movie that only made women's fantasies big
1,How bizarrely childish!
1,Your rating is too high. It's a movie with 7 to 8 points.
6,A movie until I was in my 20s.
1,It smells bad
1,Didier
6,It's not like a movie with 9 points
5,I see a lot of signs of trying to be funny. It wasn't that funny. I don't think it was my cup of tea.
6,I enjoyed watching it when I was in middle school
1,It's boring from start to finish
5,The movie that made Jun Ji-hyun famous. A movie that women would like.
1,It's too far-fetched and cringe-worthy
6,What's wrong with NAVER's plot spelling?
6,Good feeling
1,That's a really incomprehensible rating.
3,Would it have been better if I saw it when it was released?
6,Jun Ji-hyun's comprehensive gift set for 2 hours
3,It's a movie that you don't have to take the time to watch.
5,It was worth watching
6,Fun and funny
6,Jun Jihyun is pretty
5,It was fate that she and Gyunwoo would meet again. The parody of the shower was the funniest
6,When Jun Ji-hyun was the most attractive...
2,It's not a 9-point movie. It's just time
2,I was bored because it was childish because I watched it late. Jun Ji-hyun's acting wasn't good either
1,I was just like that.
1,Wow... Why do you like such a boring movie in your life?
1,Director Kwak Jae-yong's limitations.
6,Jun Ji-hyun is so pretty ;; a good movie to kill time.
6,an ordinary romantic comedy with no surprisesI don't understand why they're so enthusiastic
6,I can't help but love her
1,It's amazing that it's a box office hit
1,It is still doubtful how it was successful. What's wrong with the rating?
6,The movie I enjoyed watching at that time
6,Not much. It's not a well-made movie.
2,an overrated film The story is not very interesting. It was just a trendy movie
1,me going against the times
6,Is it high because it's just a Korean romantic comedy? It is compared to "Knowing Woman".
5,The movie that made Jun Jihyun worry about commercials forever
2,I somehow managed to do it.
1,the tragic epitome of Korean cinema
1,It is funny that this movie has a high rating.
5,The epitome of Jun Ji-hyun's character
5,It's not that bad.
5,I don't want to be hit. GFRIEND or whoever.
5,be omniscient and omniscient
1,There is nothing to see except Jun Ji-hyun.
5,A novice actor named Jun Ji-hyun's one-man show
1,The movie that only Jun Ji-hyun can see was boring.
1,I didn't like Cha Taehyun's radio since then. The movie is also sad.
6,I think it was a movie that fits the trend at that time...It's not that I enjoyed it...
1,The rating is too high...Not this much...About 6 points
5,It's so childish.
6,Why didn't I like it? I just don't like it.
5,A movie that was worth watching.
3,When movies and directors have an eye for trends = Top contributor to foreign currency revenue.
3,Comedy and a little bit of a new wave. Can't you just push it forward as a comedy?
1,not much
1,It's childish jjamppong
6,Not really........................
6,It wasn't good...
1,It couldn’t be worse.
1,I was bored to death A trash movie that leaves nothing
1,We know the level of Korean movies I don't know how to make this crap movie
6,It was fun... I don't remember
1,Look at the dog!
5,The best character. The rest of the popular element is too overrated.
1,Jun Jihyun's rice bowl
6,Let's see each other freely
5,It wasn't very funny.
1,I was so annoyed.
5,A five-point movie...
5,Let's stop with the weird score
5,Just the first half
5,I didn't like it. crying
4,Maybe it's because I didn't watch it at the theater. I didn't think it was funny.
2,Is this the essence of Korean melodrama? It's so bizarre!
5,Is there anyone who hasn't watched it yet?
4,I don't like this movie. Is it because I'm 14 years old?
3,Jun Ji-hyun is pretty. Jun Jihyun is pretty...
6,Jun Jihyun's pose!
1,Only Jun Ji-hyun is pretty.
6,lack some persuasive power It's too simple
2,Should I say it's boring?
1,Nonsense story. Childishness. He's so bad at acting as a deserter
1,a ridiculous film I'm surprised this works.
1,the last straw for modern women without femininity
5,I don't think I'm compatible with Korean comedies
5,A movie that seems like a dream! And a movie that's just a dream!
1,It's just
6,a well-made film based on the original
6,A music video for Jun Ji-hyun.
1,a movie with an IQ of less than 80
1,The extreme of childishness... Elementary watching movie;;;;;
1,It's embarrassing to call it a movie...
2,Is this a movie?
1,Just a funny movie
6,a good movie to kill time
6,Childish. But Jun Ji-hyun is pretty.
6,I'm bored more than -_-
1,It's not fun at all.
2,It's a ridiculous movie.
3,A writer's novel? The content is a little wrong with the department
5,A contrived coincidence. It's far-fetched.
4,Kwak Jae-yong's production brought him back to life
6,It would be funny.
1,The content of the movie is not good. I was not sad at all.lol
1,A zero-point movie. It's not worth talking about.rubbish
1,I don't like movies like this!
6,LOL Just laugh and move on...But it's a movie that makes you think a little bit
1,Why do I have a high score?Isn't that too much? It's just a welcome
5,I can't believe we're still getting a rating.
3,I don't think it's...
1,I always do this movie on TV
1,1 point thanks to Jun Jihyun
1,What the hell is funny?
4,I wasn't having fun at all that fun
5,It's fun. It's nothing more
1,..is this funny?
3,It's fun. It's comical.
3,I can't give you more than 3 points. It's worth 1 point.
1,Well...obyte pressure -_-
5,Who do you think I'm a year old?
2,It's not fun.
1,Is this fun?
1,It's so fashionable... It's so obvious that it's salty
6,It's just so-so
1,Why am I not funny?
6,Love brings happiness.
5,Fun and touching!
6,one of the few movies that is like a jewel in the Korean film industry full of OOOO
3,Look at Yoon Mi-hyang and Lee Yong-soo as they are!
1,a history-distorting film that incites anti-Japanese sentiment
1,This isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't right
1,' Jeong Euiyeon. "House of Sharing"
1,Why are all the women's movies ruined?And why do you only see women?
1,Seventy-four-seven-seven-seven-seven-seven-seven-a-side light
1,I learned history through movies and imitated the citizens
1,It's kind of boring. I'll give you 1 point because there's no zero.
6,Hmm well made movie!
4,Is it because of the accent or the sound? I can't hear the lines well
6,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryI'm not disparaging you. I can't listen to your dialect
1,Why is their show canceled only because they are relaxed?
6,Drama... TV drama film?
2,Is it an independent movie? grossly tacky and awkward It's a story. It's her story and I get it. What's with the story? The title is just like that.
1,The director has no ability to make this material in this way.
1,How can you make a living without a single report when there are people involved?
1,Apologize to the Japanese teacher and the Japanese progressive group right now and release the movie
2,a fake movie
4,How long are you going to eat that Japanese Military Sexual Slavery... What did our ancestors do when our grandmothers were taken away? Have you tried resisting? What makes you so proud of your history?
1,This movie's favorite group is a woman in her 20s. That's all
1,I don't know why movies are so boring.
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I don't think it's just the material. The movie itself is just lukewarm. Kim Hee-ae's performance was unanswered.
1,Let's stop here. You're trying to make me cry
1,I want to give you 11 points.
1,Don't try to make money out of this stuff. The movie was too much.
1,I'm sick and tired of Korea's Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The period of success just because of the location is over
1,My parents didn't really enjoy the evaluation. I'll see it later and upload it
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery How many movies are there?
1,It's like a red movie
4,I don't want anti-Japanese sentiment to be a weapon for lefties anymore.
1,There are so many things that have not been solved and not been illuminated
1,I can't give you 10 stars just because the content is good.
1,a story that everyone knowsClisey's all over the place. It's a touching story. Even these commercial phrases...Please stop...
1,Again... The window is the window
1,Is there no zero point??!!!
1,I am sadder that this sad history is used commercially and politically. No more movies like this
2,Moon Jae In The story is great as the president watched the Marine Corps helicopter accident without paying his respects
1,I'm speechless
2,I'm sick of it. The persistent greed of those who try to use Japanese Military Sexual Slavery politically will not be able to take their hurt after 10 or 100 years. Bored and vicious.
1,Why don't you get an apology from North Korea?K
1,There are a lot of falsehoods Even the movie's worth is questioned
1,It's not a story. It's a history Please change the title
6,I can't hear any of Kim Hae-sook's lines. I can't concentrate because of her pronunciation
2,I want to know that now Is that why the real-time Hirstory jumped in like an argument to save Lee Jae-myung?jQuery22405556964488661462_1532191752582
5,I was surprised because I saw the poster and trailer and expected Shinpara so much that I was more calm than I expected
1,I wish I could stop seeing the worst Kook-pong-pal
1,Why don't you do it in moderation? Hahaha
1,It's a waste of time. Why should we stop doing this?
1,It's not that fun.
6,a film that lacks the appeal of a story but is worthy of its subject matter
1,Where did the men who were drafted go?
1,You still have the same national character as your anti-Japanese old parents. It's embarrassing to call it this kind of movie. Look at the ratings
2,It's so similar to iKANSPEAK. Na Moonhee's age is more relatable.
1,Is commercialization using pain a win-win? I'm telling you not to forget it'Some people don't even want to think about it.Has this applause ever brought something back? I don't know if this kind of movie is making us imprint.Is this also business?
1,Let's make some red movies. There will be a Korean War movie. The director should have some conscience
6,The quality of the work... It feels like my horoscope got higher because of the material
2,There's another thing that's unfortunate and the movie quality
1,I can't give you zero points. I'm sick of it.
1,No more half-day frames. I like Japan
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery? That's disgusting. It's not a beef bone. Eat just enough
6,What is upsetting is that Japan will not make a sincere apology until the country is gone
1,I'm tired of the half-day frame.
2,His acting and story are not as good as I expected
1,The movie's favorite group is a woman in her 20s.
1,Let's stop now!
6,I won't forget until I get an apology
1,No more emotional movies!
2,It's a movie of left and right people supporting anti-Japanese sentiment
2,It's not "Herstory". It's "It doesn't make sense"
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery A movie recommended for anti-Japanese psychiatric patients who have been incited by anti-Japanese sentiment
2,Open movie is a waste of money
6,The message is good but not firm
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is the worst movie that has ever been released in a commercial way
6,It's good that people watch movies like this thinking that they need to watch this
1,...are you hypnotized as a group?
6,They're still servile...My heart is touched throughout the whole time
1,I'd rather make it into a documentary.The Ethnicity of Learning History from Movies
6,a cringe-worthy movie
6,There was no depth and there were many factors that hindered immersion
6,It's just worth watchingSo-so.
6,Kim Hee-ae's unfortunate acting in dialect.
6,It's more calm than I thought.
2,It's not that... It's not touching or funny
6,They also look back on themselves while holding them accountable.
6,a history that must never be forgotten
1,It's so boringIt's such an obvious rehash movie that it's boring
4,I will not forget about the movie that can only contain the story like this Thank you. I will try and do my best until I get an apology.
6,It reminds me of the old man and the sea. Unending struggle of tenacity
1,I've already received an apology
6,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The recent release of too many movies gives me fatigue and familiarity.
1,I'm so sick of it.
1,Please stop selling tickets with anti-Japanese sentiment.
1,How long will the Korean film industry be doing anti-Japanese business?
3,들People might think it's a box office hit. It is my first time to see a critic's rating of less than three. Kim Bo-sung gives him 0.06 points more than the critic.
2,There is no comparison between things like Clementine. Hero is the best movie in movie history!!! Kim Bosung's acting still left me traumatized to the point where I woke up
1,Just a dog baby movie...
1,Haha... What is this...
1,Hey OOOs!
1,Lukaku divorced a family of sports.
1,setukfddhjvddf
1,setukfddhjvddf
1,This kind of movie can never be made again.
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
1,You need to control yourself. Phew...
6,Don't be scared. It's better than you think.
1,I wanted to give you 11 points.
1,This is also a movie. It's a fake rating
1,Ilbe's recommended manipulation...
1,1 point because of Ilbe.
1,Ilbe is scarier than Jungeun. Jae
1,Sigh... old interest...
2,I'm being sincere. This is a ball-paper pose
1,I saw this movie.It's my first time crying because it's such a waste
5,There's no middle. I'll do it
1,For justice in this land.
1,I thought it was photoshopped because Kim Bosung's hair was too big
1,It's deplorable. I'll be a man of no loyalty.Investigate 1 point for a ridiculous movie review.
1,This is not a point. I want to give you 11 points
1,This is not a point. It's my expression of wanting to give 100 points and 1 point.
1,This is a third-rate movie. Just don't watch it
1,Did you spend all your appearance money on part-time work?I trusted the score...Are you kidding me?
1,The emptiness that can't be filled with nothing...
1,Are you guys serious?
1,I think it's the first time for a movie that's not fun like this is the first time
1,This is not a point. This means that this movie will never be in world history again!
1,Don't play with the ratings. You were tricked
1,Let's prevent the waste of national power
1,What? What? What are you complaining about?
1,Light the line and then the appreciation.Banjotter
6,This is a series of movies with a rating of 9 points
1,Other good movies could have taken the top spot
1,This isn't 1 point!  I want to give you 11 points!
1,Let's give him an honest rating.
1,Let's give him an honest rating
1,You're talking about loyalty.
1,This is not a movie.
1,No sense of immersion. I turned it off in 15 minutes because of the boring smell. Is NAVER's movie rating a joke?
1,That's ridiculous.
1,Don't believe me. All the sad guys raised their ratings
1,Think about why the critic's rating is low
1,a fraud created by part-timers and mercenaries
2,I give you 2 points overall.
1,....my time...
1,Crayon Shin-chan's day is spinning around and around~♪
1,It's worth watching this movie while shouting loyalty that you've never seen beforeBut why do you lower your ratings by coming to movies that are rated higher than heroes? You're really just playing golf
1,Are you crazy? Are you kidding me?
1,Loyalty and ridiculous movie!
1,I was tricked by a loyal movie.
1,I'm curious about the brains of people who gave me 10 points after watching this movie. Loyalty
1,I can't find the answer
1,Let's call it a day; I feel sorry for my descendants
1,I'm curious. Did you really watch a movie if you gave me 10 points?
1,There's no one in the world to trust.
1,Oh my! Loyalty to press it wrong!
6,I liked this kind of movie when I was in middle school.  As I'm getting older It's not fun
1,Let's stop...~~!
1,The score is meaningless. Why do you recommend this?
5,Let's give him 5 points
1,The sitting duck stood up after watching this movie.
1,Don't ever watch this crap movie
1,Look at the unity of the people
1,I don't recommend it. The content is not good.
1,I don't know what's going onAmerican movies are the best
1,Movie reviews are no joke.
1,I know the secret of this movie's rating.
1,(Singing "Wordplay")LOL
1,I'm sure Huxley was worried about this. Proof that George Orwell's concern was a quirk.
1,I'm going to clean up my GPA I'm going to clean up my GPA
1,Have a drink with Shim Hyung-rae.
1,This movie is like a first spring movie. My time is a waste
1,No movie beats Clementine.
1,I think I know why my GPA is this OO
1,How dare this dog thing terrorize the Titanic for this rubbish movie? I can't believe you're doing this
1,Why on earth is the rating good.
1,The movie was fooled by the manipulation of loyalty ratings by Ilbechungs. The movie Titanic was terrorized by Naver's rating of 1 point and brought it to the bottom. a cancerous existence of a society that cuts through the sun
1,Hmm... I give it to you with a grain of salt...
1,This isn't 1 point... I want to give 11 points.
1,There are a lot of disabled people here...It's all fishing.Don't ever watch a crap movie
1,I watched the movie after the evaluation. I got the score right.
1,Are you still fishing? That's terrible.
1,Why would I watch such a boring movie?
1,Too bad 1 point is the lowest.
1,The reason why this movie has a high rating is because of loyalty.
1,I got cancer after watching this movie.
1,Why is this in the movie rankings?
1,One point because it's ugly to take down masterpieces like Titanic to make this boring movie number one
1,I really don't want to work with you guys
1,I don't think this is right
1,I hope you don't have a poor victim
1,I'm so embarrassed. I've lost confidence in ratings.
5,with great grace
1,I think the rating workers should put them in the box and fire them...
1,Is that why Kim Bo-sung and the director thought the movie was going to be a big hit? What was he thinking about when he shot the movie? I'm curious about the heads of B-class film directors.
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points.
1,A weekend audience of 59. The 59 of them will be the ones
1,You watched this movie with your girlfriend?You must have seen it with your imaginary girlfriend.Why isn't there a minus on NAVER's score? I'm angry
1,There are so many people who play around with movie ratings...
1,It's not because this movie is poorly written that I gave a point It's the only movie that's ever been given to me
1,Loyalty! A great movie full of loyalty
1,What's wrong with everyone?
1,I cry because I've been fishing for ratings. Loyalty doesn't matter
1,Half a star of loyalty!
1,A tremendous action on a great scale. And a huge 50 billion blockbuster where you can feel the heat!  the first film to succeed Clementine
1,Look at the level of crazy Korean movie reviews
5,I'm the only one who gave you a different score than 1 and 10 Ladies and Gentlemen!
1,Hyodor says he doesn't like milk
1,Loyalty. Dermerbanarijun
1,I gave you a star rating to test the dangers of ewu.
1,I love this movie Score manipulation out!
1,Was it on the show to promote the movie?
1,-_- What the hell are you doing?
1,Are you serious about 10 points?
1,a movie too short for money
1,I thought it was a movie that came out in 1990
1,Isn't it grand? LOL?
1,Kim Bo-sung's gorgeous Gao...It's disgusting to see...
1,I want to give you 0 point. 1 point is a waste
1,I just don't have anything to say.
1,What are you doing? / You're making fun of me
1,Based on the expert's rating... I think this is Clementine 2
3,Are you giving me 10 points to keep your loyalty? What's wrong with the rating?
1,It's a ridiculous movie. Really
1,So what? Laughing
1,I was tricked. - I trusted the rating because you were secretary T. - Ah!
1,I've never seen such a crazy movie since code name writing
1,I can't believe NAVER's rating.It's magnificent
1,This is not one star. I'm just sad that I can't express 6 stars.Ugh!
1,(Coughing)
1,a disintegrator
1,Let's not touch Young Hwan
1,Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal
1,Only look at Bosung's fans.  And don't look at the rest. I'm sick and tired of watching the movie all the whole time.
1,I have nothing to say...
1,A good example of trash Internet information
1,It's really not funny.I don't know what it's about.
1,OOOs
1,Loyalty doesn't matter
1,You're so loyal.
1,Don't play with me. Have a conscience
1,LOL I'm really angry. A movie that ignores Korea's special exhibition like this LOL
1,It's a movie that's like a caterpillar
1,I'll give you an honest rating. The people who gave me 10 points are sarcastically sarcastic after watching the movie
1,I wasted my time watching movies and writing reviews!LOL
1,A movie that promotes "Iluminati" openly
3,What is noteworthy about this movie will be the casting and investment.  It's nothing more than that.
1,The ratings... It's crazy.
1,....a botched operation
3,At least the supporting actors who appeared as special forces saved the movie.
6,What kind of action movie is so boring...
1,It's a waste of my eyes
1,Wow... It's quite embarrassing. The characters are so serious. What an original comic like this.
1,Why isn't there a zero point?
1,It was a movie where the comments were fun with Clementine. That's enough. Supporting actor shouldn't win the best actor award
1,Let's be honest
1,Na Won Cham...
1,Stop being fooled
1,the worst
1,Eww
1,You dogs!
1,Young people in their 20s.Let's keep the rating for healthy cultural people.
1,The stars and colors scored something
2,Commission to rate correctly
1,The rating is too high
1,It's full of part-timers
1,Stop fishing Jeppal
1,Everyone who gives 10 points is a fisherman.
1,What's this--
1,Phew...
1,Do people who giggle while being loyal know that doing this is a disgrace to the movie?
1,Manipulate with 10 points
1,I'm going to give you 1 point. You're logging in.
1,This is not the case
1,What are you talking about?
1,Rating: This is not right
1,I'm the grade shield
1,I like Titanic Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
4,Out of the blue... I'm reading a poem
1,I'll show you how loyal I am! That's a zero point!
1,Do you know the story? I hope there's no one who looks at the ratings. All the staff members are here to film this. I don't watch movies.
1,Is there a zero point? Are you happy to be loyal to you?
1,Why did they make this movie? What a shame -_-;;;;; a score of 1 is a waste.
1,This isn't it... You're hardworking people.
1,Loyalty doesn't matter.
1,My goodness!!!!!!!Why did I watch a movie like this?
1,Paying for my movies... I'm crazy
1,I don't watch movies like this even if I don't pay for them
1,I want to take out my eyes and get a serious refund on my missing money a rating of
1,Are you commenting after watching a movie?
1,What a load of crap! Clementine's equivalent to a dog-fishing movie! Are you happy to be on the Internet?
1,A comedy film of the century that brings laughter beyond imagination. Whatever you imagine will be more than that.
1,Bang! Let's score the movie properly.
1,Ten points are given because of the magnificent Ilbe children.I'll give you 1 point for Titanic.This movie has less than 7 points
1,Are you kidding me
1,Not funny
1,Well ...
1,K
1,Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Let's not do this
1,The movie is grossly boring
1,a movie that can never be seen without loyalty
1,How many part-timers did you buy?
1,It's not fun
1,You guys are trash that doesn't answer. Tsk tsk tsk
1,I don't think there's much to it.
4,Cold evaluation. Lack of explanation of who appeared suddenly. an awkward narration
1,in a trifling manner
1,It seems like a movie that Bosung filmed with loyalty.
1,I was tricked by the rating
1,Well ..
1,...a movie that fails
1,No manipulation
1,Loyalty. Loyalty
2,I'd like to join in the "grace" but look at it from an objective perspective.
1,Give me a star
1,I gave you 1 point so that you can get 1st place on NAVER's movie ranking. Loyalty! Fighting!
1,LOL
2,I think I'm the crazy one who expected to be on some of the actors
1,It's not funny Stop it
2,He wants to pass on the corruption of a pharmaceutical company. Why did Bosung appear in a movie with action and clumsy settings like Hong Kong Noir?
1,People are so mischievous. You're so loyal
1,The pranks are really...
1,Eat this
1,Don't joke around
1,You're talking about loyalty and you fell for it
1,I believed in NAVER ratings and bled
1,wtf
1,This is loyalty.
1,You'really!
1,I gave you 1 point because your hand slipped.
1,s
1,It's so funny even if it's funny... I can't believe it's 9.33. You need to use your part-time job. Show me how you can see your part-time job so obvious that you can't miss your part-time job at all that stupid part-time job promotion. How silly
1,Back vote because of the rigging
1,What's wrong with this rating?
1,Elementary students...
1,retard
1,No more pranks!
1,It's a movie that's more of a tease because of the Ilbe trash
1,OO movie
1,I'll give you 1 point because of you guys
1,What's this--
1,This ridiculous rating
1,I feel so sorry for Hyo Road and Kim Bosung
1,have no loyalty
1,There's a bunch of nerds who don't even know the English of the movie talking about their loyalty
1,This proves why Ilvenis are bugs.LOL
1,Ummu hehehehehehehehehehe
1,What is it?
1,I can't give you zero points.
1,a rubbish movie
1,It's not fun
1,I can't believe this is the highest rating...
1,I can't help it for another movie
1,Stop the loyalty terror
1,Oh dear...............................
1,A movie rated by idiots with Clementine
1,I can't believe this is first place. I have to lower it
1,- It's... - Awesome. NAVER's rating is 1st place
1,LOL One shot.
1,NAVER's horoscope ranking is ruined
1,I almost got tricked by you guys
1,How can so many people share the same reviews? Isn't it written by one person?
1,Please stop reading the lyrics
1,the worst
1,First class friends. Let's not play around with movie ratings.
1,Loyalty
1,Are you kidding? You're going to be loyal to the preview? It's an extraordinary piece of crap that's lost 50 billion won
1,I think I'm lacking in loyalty
1,Let's do it in moderation
1,Don't be fooled
1,There are a lot of weirdos.
1,Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Are you kidding me?
1,I am not loyal. OOO is heaven here
1,What are you really doing? I don't think this movie is good enough to push away all the other movies;; I hate to see you play with words and cut down on other horoscopes and raise the movie ratings systematically
1,Ilbe's kids don't have parents. That's true
1,I was tricked. Damn it.
1,What's the worst movie of your life?
1,...loyalty is loyalty //
1,It's overflowing
1,People who lost their stocks because of their age don't talk about stocks on TV
1,Kim Bo-sung. A masterpiece created by his excellent acting and poor leadership.
1,I don't know if people who give 10 points have any idea. Is it a part-time job? It's a movie that's a waste of 1 point. Can't those who have zero loyalty say anything to the people in the subway and the middle and high school students who are smoking on the street? Reflect on yourself
1,Is there no zero point?
1,Three of you are going crazy...
1,Kim Bosung's electricity bill
3,Awkward acting. Revenge battle! What's with the 10-point score?
1,Vaccines in this movie?Virus? Loyalty? It's bland. It's blandI'm cold-hearted. Fun? Action? There's nothing!It's an annoying movie. What do you want to say? What do you want me to do?
1,Stop joking around. This kind of prank is a wound to people who make movies
4,Both Kim Bosung and Hyodor are good at acting. It's better than the Rambo series.
1,It's not fun
5,Crazy LOLWhy is Kim Bosung so funny on the poster? Is it a comedy movie?
1,It's not fun. It's the first place in Korean movie stars Why is it a waste of spring time? It's an academy-class horoscope. Part-time job manipulation
1,This isn't right
1,They are bugs that eat up the Korean film industry. Is this really the only thing you can promote? My part-time job rating is 9.3...  The critic's rating is 2.9 lol Let's compete with your skills. with loyalty
1,Why don't you guys do that? It's an explosion of surplus power
1,The part-timer took over.The rating is totally Academy Award-winning.But it makes me laugh
1,Crazy bugs...
1,Let's not play with the ratings.please
1,1 point for loyalty
1,Oh my...
1,What loyalty?
1,Loyalty
1,thoughtless
1,You're good at part-time jobs now lol
1,Stop it
1,an inflammatory disease
1,There are so many part-time jobs
1,Trash movie...Don't manipulate the stars...
1,There are a lot of crazy people. It's a waste of 1 point.
1,Ilbechung is a real social evil
1,Sigh... I'm going crazy
1,Your part-time job is too much.The movie is just...It's not a movie with a high rating.
1,Who is the boss of Wuhan?
1,I do OOs
1,Loyalty
1,Not in my country
1,I've seen a whole movie for the plot
3,It's like selling cheap ramen at a 7-star hotel restaurant
1,You're a great part-timer
1,There's no score to give
1,This is...
1,She's so loyal.
1,Oh... A movie of loyalty...
1,You'really!
1,Don't look at this. It's not funny
1,a strange work
1,Let's not be loyal
1,들They're being loyal
1,It's... It's... It's... Song Kyung-won: Don't laugh hyung is seriouslol
1,He's loyal and has nothing
1,Just trash
1,a great deal
4,Why do you smile with so many posters?
1,Damn it. I don't want to give you a point.
1,It's high. It'
1,1 point zoom because the rating is too high compared to the movie. 6 points movie
6,A cold-hearted score for betraying loyalty.
1,Loyalty is nothing
1,No fishing allowed
5,You guys are so mean. Isn't this a group of men who value loyalty for their own fun and never harm others? It's really childish of people who won't say a word in front of him
1,shit
1,Phew...
1,OO trash movie
1,I'm coming out to stop the rating manipulationLoyalty;; Kim Bo-sung. Poor English skills?Trying to look like a tough guy?And the most awkward and clumsy tears in the world...Is that loyalty?Why is it funny when it's raining?Don't ever watch it...
1,You solved a lot of part-time jobs.The temperature of love movie ratings.The comments are filled with loyalty...
1,It's a total trash movie. Eu? Loyalty? Don't mess with me. I looked at the ratings. There's a curse word. All part-timers are executed.
1,Ilbe OOs
1,The trash that the five larvae raised their ratings...
1,What does loyalty mean?
1,Men are loyal
1,I'm sorry I betrayed you(Crying
1,Kim Bo-sung's March 13 interview - unjust loyalty is not loyalty. Do you know true justice? You people who ignore fair evaluation are not loyal people.
1,I'll give you this much starsIn
1,The rating manipulation is a failure I hope you play fair
1,a film about loyal friendship
1,Loyal Kim Bosung who became the hero of Ilbechung
1,One point is not enough
1,It's not fun
1,It's so grand.
1,Ilbe's level is
1,Loyalty doesn't matter
2,Loyalty
1,Don't do that. There's not much to do.
1,half
1,0 points go well with you.
1,Is this a ridiculous movie?
1,Take one of Ilbe's. This is no fun
1,Don't talk about loyalty over cheap mischief
1,Did you write a rating? Why is this more than 9 points? Shu-bal with a dog...
1,I can't believe it's a joke
1,drink one's heart out
1,Why are you going to watch this? LOLWhat a waste of money
1,Something like this...
1,Get your lip off
4,I haven't seen the movie yet. The plot doesn't make me think of Resident Evil so bad. Is it because you don't like acting?
1,That's absurd.LOLWhat's the rating? You're a total gag.
1,You're making me miss you. Should I look at you as a boss?
1,Ugh.
4,Fooled. A waste of time.
6,.................................... (6<->9 points)
1,The real trash movie with Kim Bo-sung and Fyodor. The last line on the boat was just cringe-worthy and I thought I was going to die
1,You're so hardworking
1,I wish I could be loyal only here. Don't try to be loyal to other movies. Comment: A film that is twinned with the Clamentines.
1,Is it fun to just raise the rating like this? There must be a lot of people who don't know it's a joke.
1,I'll give you a hard time.
1,Loyalty is funny. Is it right to manipulate other people's movie ratings?I don't watch it even if you pay me to watch it.
4,a spate of victims
1,It's a waste to give 1 point
1,It's trash just by looking at the trailer.LOL
1,The boss is a pooops
1,Do you need words?
1,Why did you give 10 to this?
5,Lou Gehauer and Madsen.The two actors are supporting.Pyo Dol Juyeon? I don't know.It doesn't feel right.
1,There are a lot of unemployed people
1,Will you wake up if you lose 1.6 billion won because of courselol
1,Look at the critic
1,I can't stand the score manipulation. I'm a pain in the neck and neck
1,I'm a fool with no sense of duty
1,It's not fun at all.
1,You guys are crazy; don't play around with the ratings of other movies
1,Don't trust netizens. Trust the critic.
1,I'll give you a point
4,You guys are so loyal
5,Does it make sense that this movie has the highest rating among all movies?  I'll give you 5 points to be fair.
1,That's not funny
1,That's not fun.
1,The rating is very loyal LOL
1,One star... and the one who gave me one point is in his right mind.Five stars have become toys... I don't think anyone will be fooled by the rating... LOL
1,.Don't be fooled by your GPA. It's the worst movie ever.
1,You're a pro-North Korean
1,Do you watch this movie? I'm sure he watched it alone LOL
1,I'm giving you a hard time
1,One point is a waste. Don't be fooled by the ratings... Is it fun? Loyalty... Stop it. It's not fun
1,What's this--
1,What's this--
1,Let's stop. I'm embarrassed.
1,A hero who can see the loyalty of the part-timers
1,What is this?
1,ig
1,It's trash
1,It's crazy
1,Loyalty makes you eat. Eunuch suits Heo Seok the best
1,Loyalty is not fun at all. It's like 9 points
1,Who saw this? Don! It's B!
1,Do you give 10 points after watching the movie?I'm embarrassed that I'm going to go on overseas topics. Stop humiliating my country. Tsk! Give your loyalty to the dog!
1,You guys are so mean no matter what you do
1,somehow
1,1 point is a waste...It's a fishing success and NAVER's score is fishing as a group.
1,People these days seem to be doing a lot of course. This is the rating of a movie;
1,I don't know if OO will give me points
1,Don't be fooled
1,Sigh...
1,It's not fun
1,Crazy
1,Don't be fooled
1,LOLIlbe. I'm scared.lol
6,The comments aren't funny either. It's just a little pitiful.
1,I'm here to kill you
1,I hate Ilbe
1,No comment.
1,Isn't it ridiculous to give 10 points because of loyalty? This is worse than part-time job
1,It's not fun. Don't fool me
1,I hate Ilbe
1,I don't even want to watch this movie because of loyal netizens.
1,Why are they OOs who give 10 points out of loyalty?
1,LOL   Hyodor. (Laughing)
1,;;;;; What is it?
1,Do you know what loyalty means?I'm a righteous personlol
1,a movie that makes you want to eat rice with one by one
1,Kim Bosung is worse than Hyodor!
1,Day by day. Out
1,Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Crazy people are everywhere Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,1 point is too bad. Is there no 0 point?
1,lol
1,I want to see your parents. How is home education?
4,Let's make our own decisions.
1,It's so...lol
1,A movie that I don't watch for money
1,True righteousness should be seen to the end without dozing off in a lame theater.
1,It's not boring
1,Don't play with ratings-- I'm gonna have to cut a little
1,Your head is so big
1,It was so funny
1,Stop it
3,This is just right... Loyalty and loyalty movie rating terrorism rubbish;
1,I'm a part-jjang
1,I'm here to exterminate you
1,Don't be fooled. The horoscope was manipulated to feed the audience in a place like Ilbe.I hope there are no victims!
1,The part-timers are going crazy LOL
1,Wake up. This is not why I opened the Internet.
1,The part-timers are amazing
1,I can't rate it...........................
1,What is this?
1,Looks like they both got tutoring from Steven Sigal.
1,There's a OOOO movie. It's a waste to give one point at a time
5,What is this?
1,It's bitter.
1,Because of Ilbe's garbage. I feel like my reliable Naver rating is being ruined. Don't forget that 92 percent of men in their 20s participated in the rating and choose the movie carefully.
1,Oh my god (Laughing
1,What a pitiful bunch of seeds.
1,I smile every time I see you LOLYou're getting better. You're really out of your mind LOLYou guys are so sick
1,Are you manipulating the ratings of the birds?
1,I want to give you a point even though you didn't watch the movie
1,I've never seen a movie with such a low rating Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Do you think this movie will succeed?
1,Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Ilbe OOOs
1,I think Shim Hyeongrae would be better at making this
1,I need to lower my score on this
1,Oh my God
1,Spin it and spring in 5 minutes
1,I don't think this is how you manipulate it. You're the master of chewing.
1,I put up with what I really want to give you a point in six billion.
1,Zoom in on your lips ^^
1,I'm sad. Hyodor in this movie like this. I watched it for the first time and came out in 30 minutes.
3,Why didn't you film green tea? [FAN ID]! [FAN ID]!
1,Great!
1,You're talking about loyalty -_-
1,I'm sure there's no one who gets fooled by this straight-forwardly adjusting the ratings.
4,Is it fun to play around with the score? You childish people... He's like a zombie.
1,It's a movie that even Kwanwoo can't watch with loyalty
1,I don't understand what 50 billion was spent on.
1,I'm sick of it Sincerely
1,You're doing all sorts of things
1,What's this rating?
1,My mom told me not to lie and be a good person.
1,No further explanation will be given
1,The movie that I watch because of Kim Bosung's loyalty! It's really not fun! It's like reading a boring book from the beginning to the end!
1,Rating Balance
1,There is also such a stupid movie. 1 point is a waste
1,You guys are so...
5,The rating is funnier
3,I said loyalty
1,I don't want to give false ratings
1,...you're doing something because you're so busy
1,I want to tear them apart and kill them all
1,;;Unite as a group and united as one
1,It's a waste to give one point. It's such a waste of time for movie reviews.Don't ever look at it
1,Are you having fun with the movie terrorists?; Stop it!
1,What's that?
1,It's the worst movie ever. I don't know if you've ever seen a movie like this
1,What? Isn't there too many part-timers? I'll give you a rating without looking
1,These two movies?
1,You punk!
3,You want me to die with you?There are a lot of water ghosts. Only the poster. The answer is.It's coming out. The genre of ddddddddddd.Comedy is a trap
1,Don't look at it!
1,The Ilbe Garbage Sackies
1,I think the preview will be more fun
1,Don't look.
1,This is a fabrication. Don't be fooled They're just playing around. They're all loyal
1,I'm not going to watch it
1,Why is it 10 points? One point is a waste
1,I really want to joke around!
1,I watched the movie from beginning to end. This is over 9 points? I fell in love with OOO.
1,What loyalty do you mean? A trash movie with one shot
1,Loyalty is nothing
1,Huh
1,Loyalty to trash
1,Let's stop it.
1,Stop playing around
1,There is also a good harvest in OO is a good harvest.
1,What a waste of time.
2,I'll give you one more point because of Fyodor. The best Korean movie after Clementine! The Korean Wave in the movie industry continues!
1,Your rating is great
1,Let's get rid of Ilbechoong!
1,How many of these rated people have you seen? You guys are awesome
1,They're so generous. They're so terrorizing (Laughing
1,Don't be fooled
1,Don't waste your money.
1,Gibboseong poster looks like Joo Yoon-balLOL
1,Laughingering) Laughingering) I just don't have anything to say...
1,It's like that
1,I can't watch it anymore even if I want to
1,One point
1,Ratings manipulation. This movie's rating doesn't have a fact
1,The crap is rated as terrorism
1,I want you to manipulate the ratings...Kim Bo-sung got 10 points for this trash movie because he supported the former president?LOL
1,Let's not play with the ratings
1,"Why are you playing around with your ratings?" "No one believes in your movie ratings."
1,out of loyalty
1,hardworking people
1,I hope you make money in other ways...
1,I won't watch it because I'm loyal. I'm going to be anti-tie
1,Ilbe trash scraps
3,Damn... this movie has a rating of more than 8 points. I'm getting angry from the brain to the frontal lobe -_-
1,Please check the press rating
3,That's not funny. - Crazy things
1,One point of loyalty
1,a point of loyalty
1,Who scored so high?
5,What are you talking about? I haven't seen it...The ratings and ripples are getting on my nerves.I don't want to see...
1,To get the average score
1,I'm going to screw up because of some of the ratings manipulation
1,Don't watch it. It's a waste of time And I don't think the pillows will die. It's crawling out
1,LOL
1,a great deal
1,Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
1,I think people's ratings are more miserable than low ratings. Poor thing.
2,This movie has more reviews than the audience
1,What's this score?
1,This is too much--
1,That's scary. Netizens' teamwork
1,Let's not joke around!
1,It's a foreign version of Yeongashi
1,Let's not joke around
1,I bet you didn't watch it at the theater. I feel bad for Bosung
1,Loyalty? LOL Shame on the country
1,I will never improve the movie evaluation... It is like a B-rated action movie in the 80's and 90's. I think the actors will form a double wall with the uk ball. It would be nice to get 5 points for loyalty.
1,People are giving ratings as a joke
1,I don't know if this is a rating place or a part-time job
1,Stop playing with ratings!
1,Within the geography...
1,I can't believe I made this crap movie a masterpiece thanks to Ilbe's site.  Please stop playing the rating game Pardon?
1,I'm not loyal enough. Will you share your loyalty with me?
1,Huh.. are you giving stars after watching the movie?
1,Are you eating properly?
1,You guys have no conscience. Are you pressing 10 hearts?
1,You guys are so mean. Is there any movie like this that deserves more than 5 points? You wrote a letter of loyalty and gave me 10 points. Or work part-time so that it doesn't show. Let's do it with sincerity when we get the money. Ugh... a movie I'll never watch.
1,It turns out that all of them are in their 20s
1,What the hell is wrong with them?I wonder if he'll come to his senses when his children get better with the same children or when his children are beaten by the same children...
1,I can see the rating game of Jjagochi
1,What is it?
1,Well
1,It's not worth watching a movie It's not even for killing time
1,.........Loyalty Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)Korea is really funlol
1,You guys are so loyal
3,I think it's a little childish.People-- are you talking about loyalty to a movie-- just loyalty.Well
1,It's good to raise the rating of this movie while saying a word of loyalty. But why are you terrorizing the Titanic? The rating is 9.17 which was 9.42. Get a grip on the concept.
1,I'm scared now Crazy people
3,It was released overseas Chewy old movie released in Korea
1,a hit movie in the '90s
1,Are you doing part-time job?
1,You shouldn't go too far with your pranks
6,Yi Gi Baro's loyalty?
1,I don't want to give you 1 star
1,Come on! Come On!
1,They really made Ilvain number one Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Get a hold of yourself. I turned it off after 10 minutes
1,You're talking about loyalty. Do you want to cut down on other high-rated movies?
1,Why would I look at this trash?
1,Are you kidding me?
2,The temperature of dating is the best!
1,This is a movie
1,You're so grand! This is my boss
1,This is what I'm supposed to do
1,(Laughing
1,Don't crawl out to other sites and play in your own space.
1,Today's humor? It was a garbage dump
1,You guys are crazy
1,You should've been satisfied with this puffed rice. I shouldn't have made a mess of other movie ratings.
1,It's a waste of time.
1,Loyalty? Who's the one-point terrorist on a movie rating? This movie is really not funny
1,Loyalty? Euuuuuuuuuuuuu!
1,Tong be out!
1,It's really not funny.
1,I'll give you one point for loyalty!
1,Are you having fun?Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,You guys are so pathetic. Look at him squirming and being loyal. He's pathetic and pathetic.
1,He's so ridiculous
1,What is this...
1,Boseong-Boseong-Hae
1,I'm afraid there will be another movie like this
1,Is there no zero point? Calm down
1,ee
1,K
1,Ratings can be manipulated. But I have no mercy.
1,Are they crazy?LOL
1,Phew...
1,S and S
1,It's not gonna work out your way.
1,Don't you have anything to do with today's humorists? Put up a fake rating
1,You like loyalty!
1,Get out of here!
1,What are you trying to do by raising the rating?
1,Netizens are so mischievous.Don't do it too much.Hah!
1,lol
1,crazy people
1,I'm from Ahem Oyu Ahem
1,You have to do everything in moderation. Why the other movie ratings?
1,Third-rate... There's no fool paying for this
1,They're having so much fun!
1,OME
1,LOL
1,There is no loyalty to a servant-loyal to a servant
1,You should've switched to the crazy main character and supporting actor. Stupid director
1,Your part-time job club is called Loyalty? You're being loyal. The worst
1,lol
1,Wow!
1,the second Clementine I can't be the only one to sufferthe greatest living work of a kind
1,It's a rating manipulation by Oh Yu-seonbi Don't ever look.
1,Don't be fooled by the ratings! I regret it and come out
1,Don't ever watch it. It's a new movie Kim Bosung's acting is really disgraceful
1,Loyalty doesn't matter
1,Justice is alive!  This movie is a waste of zero points
1,They're all using it
6,Meeting the President More Than Racism
6,My name is goalkeeper Oliver Kahn
6,a long journey to dispel misunderstandings
1,kilyukghjfgj
2,It's not interesting to make a production that I don't understand
4,You can't solve a problem just by knowing how to scream.
1,Hong Kong Film Sentiment in the 80s
1,an overprotective film
1,I hope you can watch movies better during the expert evaluation
4,It was uncomfortable because it was too forced
1,I don't like it... I think it's forced
4,....where in the world should I be touched?
5,The strong message and the character's purity are not combined and collide.
1,It's like a Korean audience who gives 10 points right away if you force yourself to make something touching
5,ISIS loves this movie
1,My name IS (ten letters)
1,I think it's just that's what I think
1,I will never watch Indian movies again.
1,I hate Indian movies.I really hate it more this time.I'm so impressed. I can't believe it.
1,If only it didn't make you cringe.
5,Hollywoodization of Bollywood.
1,It's very simple. I saw it because three idiots like it. It's so forced and mixed with episodes. Is it just an Indian movie and you're giving stars because you're pathetic?
5,It's just a medium-sized movie
2,A movie that I tried to impress... It's not that...
1,It's my first time logging in to give a rating because it's so boring
6,The rating is too high. The real world is not so easy. Movies are just movies
1,Is this for real?
1,It's not fun. And there's a screen time
1,Indian food that smells like curry...
1,That's weird. This movie I've seen is so biased and it's uncomfortable to watch all the time.
2,a good Muslim
1,"You are terrorists!" Let's not lose sight of reality by being swayed by emotions! It's a movie that spits out "I'm not a terrorist" and gives me a ridiculous cramming education.
6,appropriate story and emotion
1,A rating that shows the level of NAVER
1,I don't know why I got a high score. I turned it off because I was bored
3,The storytelling is too far fetched. Is it a feature of Indian movies?
2,The Indian movie scenario needs a diet
6,It was so far-fetched and so predictable.I just felt that way
1,be dull and unimpressed
1,The movie that I was tired of the whole time
1,All Is Wall
1,Oh my... How can this be over 9 points? boredom of the forced development
3,an interchangeable development with a forced impression I didn't like the whole thing. Just trust the expert's rating
1,The rating is too high! To sum it up in one word... [Touched]
5,It's too artificial and contrived.
6,Indian movie's far-fetchedness. I think the story is weakwoman 여
5,It's because I'm looking forward to it. a separate room
5,the distinctive taste of Indian cinema
4,Touching but too boring.
3,I thought it would be touching. It was so boring. It was forced.
1,Korean people think that it is a great movie to cry and runny nose
1,I can't trust NAVER. It's really grossly boring.I trusted the ratings and regretted it
1,Disgusted by the forced situation and the empathy he's giving.
6,A typical scoop of yogurt...Why don't you watch Forest Gump twice?
6,I feel like I'm forced to eat.
1,I am not a terrorist.
5,A meaningful message that I wish I had controlled the degree of kindness
5,I'm so moved that I'm sleepy because the running time is too long
1,a childish sense of contraindThe main character who keeps his hair up all the time;; even in the hospital;; cringe.a waste of time
4,The forced touching scenes...I don't know
5,a three-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand movie
5,I saw the whole group at school and it was a waste of money
1,I can't believe this movie has such a high rating. an American movie that ends in a happy ending
3,Now I'm tired of reading moral books
1,It feels like I'm watching an old drama The message is too direct.
5,That's not good. The Indian movie Three Idiots is much better.
6,A work that is good just by the message of the movie.
1,It's only one point
5,Expectations were so high that it was not as fun as I thought. And it's too long.
6,It's long. Why do Indian movies make it so long?
1,What is different from just a science fiction movie?
1,A comedy like "Dead Poets Society"...
2,But Indian movies... lol
1,I'll lower the rating. Hahahahaha
4,Fantasy
1,It was really boring
2,This is a movie that I watched in the year of production. Why is it coming out these days?
6,a subject too sensitive to be taken for all intents and purposes a film that needs discussion rather than enthusiasm
1,That's a lot of work. It's packed with ratings.Seven points is enough.
4,It wasn't as fun as I thought I guess I was looking forward to it too much;;
1,What a long way to go!
1,the incessant development of an obvious story... I don't understand why the rating is so high
6,Let's not denigrate the whole religion by blaming the behavior of some fundamentalists
1,The end of extreme emotion. Too tilted view. Semantic delivery = loss of fun.
6,A movie that's not fun but touching!
6,A movie that's easy to fall for 'Error of Emotion'.
5,It was too boring for expectations and seemed to be cleverly advocating for a particular religion
6,Lost words for the theater owner who cut it in half for half an hour.Did you forget that you were Ugly Korean with a knife when you sent Lucbe?
1,a new school
3,Korea's cultural scene is being played by Islamic fraud!
1,Isn't it a movie that advocates for Muslims?I can't believe that you're so deeply culturally in Korea.discernment
6,a boring movie that repeatedly talked about a long time ago as if it were something great
4,It is so Indian movie. Songs that go overboard from time to time... -- The beginning is boring. Oh my god
6,You have to distinguish between good messages and well-made...Too honest. Overaction movie.
5,I really don't understand. It was touching and fun. The acting was good
1,An exaggerated sound that interferes with movie immersion. tedious content development Forcing you to be moved. The actual score is less than 4 points
2,The movie is over 2 hours.. A movie that requires a lot of patience. Why did they make it?
1,A movie that makes me feel like I'm going to be a bad person if I don't solve the misunderstanding about Muslims
6,It's not a movie with 9 points
1,a self-hypnotizing film on the back of Bollywood's simple deterrence
1,This isn't right.
1,It's a little far-fetched.
1,This is how you start to change your perception of Islam ^^
1,I don't understand why it's so touching
5,You shouldn't have forced me to do anything to impress me.
6,Too unrealistic. So it's a bit forced. And it's so dried seaweed
6,I wish I could concentrate on what I wanted to say... just a sad movie!
2,A visible development...I don't understand the high movie rating
1,A trash movie that part-timers will like.  The key is the political code that represents American interests
1,I think it's right to give a little bit of a little
5,If you've seen Forest Gump and Rainman... It's just like a combination of two movies.
1,The content isn't very...
1,Islamic advocacy under the name of multiculturalism
5,It was quite a sight until the middle. But Muslim glorification has been so great since then.
2,I thought I was going to die because I took my friend after the review. Bored rather than moved. The efforts to break away from the image of Muslims are amazing.
2,I think I got to know my movie taste a little by looking at the rating section here.
2,I found out after watching this movie that the part-timers were really riffle. But look at me
6,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it... It's just like King's Speech
2,a dull nationalism that is moderately embedded in religious matters
1,My name is Khan... not a terrorist.Crying... Come on
5,It's been childish and boring since the middle of the president's chase
2,Forrest Gump copy of the disability device that glorifies Islam and causes cheap sympathy
6,The death of my son. The process of visiting the president... It's a bit forced... But it's not worth watching.Haha
1,I'm making a movie out of the box and I really hate Indian movies.
1,I almost died of boredom a bubble-filled film
6,Just think of it as a melodrama
4,I was disappointed when I saw it because the rating was high. Totally!
6,How are you uncomfortable all this whole time? Didn't you save Obama who looks like him.
1,The rating is wrong
1,The rating is too high
1,I thought it was a true story. The probability is ridiculous. What's wrong with the ranking?
2,The road to delivering a message of hope is so lengthy that you soon get tired
6,It's not that it's boring.It's not like a funny movie; it's also too contrived and religious.
4,an Islamic glorification film
6,be moved by
1,grossly contrived
1,I don't like Indian movies. You're out
1,The score is too high. It's definitely not 9.3 that makes you move 8.5cm
6,I got a friend recommendation. Did I expect too much?
6,It's an award-winning film.
1,4 points. It's too simple and has too much content. The characters and the content are all exaggerated.
6,It's frustrating when you look at itA movie that makes you...
6,The beginning was a little boring. The latter part is worth watching. I guess I used scissors for the first movie for 30 minutes.
6,A B-rated movie that digs into a gutter of reality.
6,The last scene is touching!^^
6,It's so similar to Forest Gump. Is this for real?
4,It's not a movie that's good enough to get 9 points. It's just worth watchingI don't recommend you to watch it
4,I was looking forward to it because the movie reviews were so good.
1,I don't know. I don't like it.
1,There are a lot of part-timers here. A very boring and annoying movie theater.
4,I only saw the good Khan for 150 minutes
1,Half a star is such a waste. Is the level of Korean audience seriously childish or is it a mass part-time job?
6,The beginning is insanely disgusting and then the second half is the real movie.
6,It's been a year since it was leaked Well?! ^^;
6,The setting and story are too contrived to understand with the chest.
5,Ugh! People are so cool. Everyone has 10 points
1,5 stars in this OOO movie...It's not a stone bed for longevity.Forrest Gump's sublime...
1,It's my first time getting a rating.      It's so boring. The content is too spread out.
5,A movie that shows the end of cliché... I don't think I'll ever watch Indian movies again.
1,I'm a little bored.
1,I think it is comparable to Clementine.
1,8 points is enough
1,be rated too high for nothing
1,It wasn't good. Time was a waste. It was rated higher than Forest Gump
6,Why am I not funny... I'm not touched. That's not good
1,Forest Gump kept overlapping
1,a visual that lowers the rating of a movie
5,a film that eliminates the excessive expectations of Indian cinema
5,be taken for a rating an American heroism film
6,It's kind of...
1,I'm going to cut it a little bit.
1,The rating is too bubbly... It's not this bad
1,Totally different
2,I've never seen a movie that doesn't make sense. BGM also has an error. I watched this movie with sincerity.
4,Three Idiots: Perfect: 10 points / This movie: Forced: 4 points
1,A really good movie. Make sure to watch this movie
6,It's a masterpiece because it's a classic movie that'
1,1125225 overs are too much. I think we need to lower the score
6,Indian movies can't concentrate because of loud Indian music even in moving scenes because of music
6,a film that appeals to the artificial impression of garbage suitable for six ratings
1,Indian movies are all too much.
1,That's not true. How can this movie get the highest rating? That's not true
1,Harmony of excessive 'Indian message injection' and 'unanswered religious themes' continues for 165 minutes
1,That's too much foam. I don't know where to focusLessons are obvious
6,I couldn't concentrate while watching this movie
5,a grossly crude and unnatural over done film; an Islamic promotional film
3,It's kind of boring.
4,Made in India. Forest Gump...
1,I don't like it
1,A story that's obvious and corny. The rating is too high.
1,You need to know the real thing right away...I hope that this movie will not glorify Muslims
3,Hollywood's people are so funny. I'll admit it if you go beyond Forest Gump
6,I can't get rid of the feeling of getting bored little by little by little.
6,I'm not very impressed.
1,It's not much different from old anti-fear movies and dramas.It's a tacky childish thing with memories overlap.
6,I was looking forward to it because the rating was so good. It's so awkward. Too bad.
3,Why are you acting like a fool? And that doesn't mean he's a genius. It's so obvious that I'm acting.
1,Too dramatic for me to relate to... a movie worth watching but not a perfect score.
6,It's too long. I'm not touched
1,I'm never going to watch Indian movies again. Phew...
1,It's Forest Gump Annoying bye. Boring. Boring
1,It feels like Forest Gump
1,A movie that wasn't good for my style. What's the part-time job that gives you good grades?
4,Why Indian movies are overrated these days...I think it's a little awkward.
4,It's just...Is it something touching?This is
1,not much
1,It's just a third-rate trash movie. Let's not worry about it.
4,Graduation is really boring. It's boring...I'll give you two because it's the last touch
1,2 hours and 30 minutes is such a waste.A long time. A little lingering feeling. a mediocre
4,You've made it boring to finish it short
1,It felt like it was too much and it was unnatural as if it were after seeing Yonggari
1,Really... A good movie
1,What's the rating? There's no jam!
1,What? There's no rating jam
1,What's this?
1,the Alba Prohibition Board
1,6 points is enough...It can be boring like watching a drama...
4,It was fun LOLThe rating is too high
1,1 point or 10 points
1,This is a masterpiece
1,It's really the best movie of the best
1,It's the best
1,Forrest Gump's Bollywood sublime
1,I thought it would be fun after seeing the score.It's really not funny.I mean it.
6,It's not my cup of tea because it only shows bright and happy things.
1,It's a fake movie that mimics Forest Gump and Slumdog Millionaire.
1,A false Muslim education film that was forcibly glorified~~~ Only the stabbing scene is truly real.
5,B-list movie. A forced Indian movie. Indian films that always feature third-rate songs and dances
5,Indian movies have a long running time halving the fun
1,I hate dancing in Indian movies.
4,Too much preaching has a negative effect
1,It's really boring.
1,I watched it with my 4 year old giraffe class friends this year I'll just drink chocolate milk with my friends and play in the playground
2,I was just born It was fun
1,It's a good popcorn restaurant. ^^ I enjoyed it!~!~
2,I fell asleep because I was sick of itThe kids aren't paying attention either
6,It's kind of fun
5,My seven-year-old child doesn't look funny. It's just like an infant.
6,It came out in the middle. He doesn't like the constant crisis(Laughing)
1,I'm 6 years old... Can I see it?
6,The story is about just doing it
1,According to the Airborne Foot-and-Foot Disease
6,I was so focused on my 5-year-old son.
6,I love Pororo forever
5,Patty was so hot that I couldn't concentrate on the movie
4,It's fun and a bit sloppy
6,I enjoyed watching it
6,Is pirate captain black a wolf?Is it a dog? They're so curious.
6,Let's have fun with Pororo!
5,The kid likes it...~~
1,The kids seem to like it
6,I watched it with three 6-year-olds this year and it wasn't fun in the beginning나It was worth watching later
1,Throwing away all the money~~~goufoufuo!
1,It's a perfect movie for mom dancing and chopping roaches
6,It's fun even for adults.But... Rather than burning.The audience is larger than that of minors.
1,Is it the time to mix it with the Avengers?
6,It was more boring than the previous dinosaur island escape.It was more fun to eat popcorn  I'm sure all of your five-year-old peers will agree
6,I watched it because a 4-year-old was so into it.
6,Adventures with friends rather than treasures in front of you?
1,I was so focused that I didn't know the time was going by the way.
1,Don't be a liar. I'm in 2nd place
2,Why are you so high on Avengers? It wasn't as good as the whole sleigh
1,Children's Korean version of Pororo
2,It's not fun compared to the last dinosaur episode. The baby was loud and had a hard time.
6,It's still fun.
6,The kids can't concentrate well.
1,....  I recommend you to watch the Avengers Endgame again
6,The 4-year-old was a bit scared
6,The kid was a little bored and boring than the last one He asked me to leave in the middle So I came out in the middle...
6,It's good to look at children
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kids
6,I fell asleep after watching it well(Crying
6,I guess my kid was a little boring. ^^;
6,It was okay. It was a bit loud
6,Kids would love it^^
6,There's nothing new
4,Not as fun as the last movie
4,The old ones are more fun
1,One star is not enough.What is the reason for destroying dreams and hopes by releasing them together with adults?
6,The name is too racy. Penguin man.
4,They say it's not fun. It's bland
6,Children like it.
2,The first Pororo series to make you fall asleep
6,It's good. It's good It's good
6,This is the least fun Pororo series I've ever seen
6,He watched it in a very focused
6,My kids aren't that impressedcrying
6,I enjoyed it so much But it's a bit disappointing Haha
1,Human sports technology opens its doors
6,I was a little tired of itHe asked me three times when it would end
6,That's how it is He's just like that
4,It's just... So-so
3,They're so funny·I enjoyed it
6,The kids love it^^
6,I took two 5-year-old girls and they came out in less than 30 minutes;;; It's boring and noisy. Let's go out. I thought it was funny ^^;;;
6,It was thrilling and fun
1,The least fun Pororo...There's no story
2,The kids aren't as focused as the previous one
6,I think a child did a fun and exciting adventure
1,Stinky graphics and footy scenarios
6,Exciting insurance~ Enjoy watching movies^^
6,It's fun. Ultra-concentrating mode son^^
6,I enjoyed watching it with my eldest son! They're saying let's go again!
6,This is okay. It stopped at this much
6,It's too long. It's boring It's not fun
1,There were a lot of people who kept going out because they were so bored in the middle. It's better to watch it at home
6,My baby must have been bored I was sad that I couldn't concentrate
6,8 years old laughed a lot
6,I saw a 5-year-old kid in the middle and came outI guess it was a little early
6,You're bored more than I thought It wasn't good
2,I'm getting disappointedIs this a domestic production?I just woke up
6,Dinosaur adventure is more fun... But I was proud to see a 5-year-old child concentrating until the end
1,No fun at all. Childish and boring
1,My 3-year-old son caught me. I think all the comments here are part-time jobs.
1,It's ruined. It's going to explode
6,Why did Eddie's voice change? I like Eddie the most.
1,The rating doesn't make sense. It's high. Let's lower it more
1,NAVER rating is unbelievable. Just watch "Avengers"
1,It's so lame and no answer
6,12354156431 Someone cursed at me It's the worst movie ever
6,The kid liked it. He had funIt's worth watching even for adults
2,That's too high
2,I don't think it's good by my standards.
5,I really like drawing.
3,It's not my cup of tea. The sorcery is more fun than this
1,It was such a waste of time.
1,I don't think it suits me.
6,I watched it because they gave me a generous score and said it was fun and sad. It's just an animation.
4,The railroad is cut off by listening to the mythical human hymn of ready-made products and what needs to be shown.
5,The blade of extinction is really popular
6, easy
1,It was boring because there were so many useless things
1,The content is forcedly boring...It doesn't make sense to get more than 9 points
6,I understand the enthusiasm of a large audience.
2,This has such a high rating? Are you serious about your part-time job?  It's the most boring movie I've seen lately. I can't understand why it's the theater version
2,What's so funny about this? It's weird. It's better to watch Titanic #5
2,Worst. How do you like this movie?
1,Don't be fooled by the rating. It's for children under 13~~
2,I'm glad I didn't watch it at the movie theater
4,There is a lot of talk and tears.
4,I can't watch it anymore It's not fun!
1,Is it true that you get angry when you chew?
5,It's just Ilppong. It's a swordplay Shinpastory that any anime fan would like. I think watching animations like this is possible because you're a fan of Ilppong and a fanatic. Ordinary people can't stand cringe-worthy lines and stories. 5 points for drawing and music
2,Oh... my money... My membership...
1,Is it true that I got more than 9 points?
6,Ren: The Go of Rengoku: Chili peppers are like Ku: Cookdas
2,I regret watching it at the theater
1,Terrible!!! What's funny is annoying!!!
6,That's too much... for me to move on to the second generation
3,It was not a work that could go beyond Sen and Chihiro. popularity drive
1,Sigh... It's so cheesy. My friend told me to watch it and it was really hard to endure
6,It's a very overrated Annie
2,I can't believe it. Where are all the kids who used to watch Korean movies? You're giving me 9 points for this kind of stubborn Shinpa jjjjjjigae? That's why I can't stop being disgusted
1,It doesn't make sense that the box office beat Sen and Chihiro
1,It doesn't make sense that the box office beat Sen and Chihiro
2,Why is this rated high? A lame joke. Just a new faction. The most annoying thing is that I spend most of my running time explaining the situation. The story didn't unfold because the villain or the main character explained it so kindly.
1,A monumental work that shows Japanese Annie is going bankrupt.
1,The blade of the theater version of Shinpa's blade!
2,I don't know why it's shining...
1,I don't know why it's so fast. Get out of the way
1,I mean it.
2,What's this rating? It's worse than the animation I see on TV
3,okaasan kakoii
1,It's not that fun
2,There's nothing to cry about. It's no fun
6,There's no background explanation at all for those who haven't seen the original
1,Maybe it was because I was looking forward to it so much that it was not fun. The animation was much more fun and just a bunch of Shinpa...
5,For ages 25 and under…..
1,I don't understand. It's well made
1,I don't understand. It's well made
3,One of the worst animations of all time.  I don't know what you're talking about.That's the worst Annie I've ever
1,I saw it because the ratings were so high. It's just like a Japanese animation.
6,I fell asleep while watching it. It's dragging... Shinpa is serious. But the characters are charming.
1,I expressed 11 points like this
1,I thought I was watching the Dragon Ball battle scene
6,It's weird that the last aka-za suddenly comes out
6,A good cook's visual sugar coating
4,Just a dress or this one
1,The reason why the Japanese cultural industry is going under.
4,Yuji and Jimmmmmmm
2,Bloody and cruel That's not good. I think manias will like it
6,Why are you talking so much?
1,Either die quickly or Japanese Mani's emotional selling is the same as Annie. It's not fun
6,It's a movie worth watching at least once.
1,No content. There's nothing else to watch except the action scene.I watch it because I'm bored
1,I saw Japan dreaming of victimization and revival of imperialism.
2,No-no-je-pan. No-no-no-je-pen
2,The fact that this movie became a hit in Japan is a movie that makes me feel that the level of culture is different. I held it in and turned it off after 20 minutes
2,I can't wait to go home.It's so boring.
6,Am I weird? Why is this funny... Are they all elementary school kids?
1,Why is this funny?
2,-- Was I the only one who didn't like it? There's no content
1,Is this jam?
1,It's below my expectations.Don't look forward to it
1,It was such a low-quality childish work that it came out.
2,It's the 8th grade syndrome animation that's fun to watch
6,The main character's earrings! Wook-diary! Was this the best?No one's talking about the Rising Sun Flag^^;;
1,be not worth evaluating There is no connection between Korea and Japan. The work itself is so bad. People who enjoyed watching it...I really don't know what it is. There are so many different tastes in the world.
1,What is Jeon Beom Ki'I'm so annoyed
6,I really enjoyed myself. (Laughs)
1,I don't like Japanese animation's unique exaggeration
5,action that is faithful to the boy's sentiments
1,the blade of a new school
6,It was touching and thrilling
1,Japanese Annie is now dead.
1,Rapper Playboy Carty releases a deluxe version of his album Whole Lotta Red! Release it!
1,This is fun?? This has surpassed Sen and Chihiro's box office record in Japan? You cried? Did you expect to win the Academy Award??!!!! Are you out of your mind? Rubbish as bad as a TV series.
1,Technology names get so much 8th grade syndrome and too often describe how they feel about the situation that they get distracted... It was too childish for an adult.
1,It's a joke. It's an animation that doesn't make you regret if you don't watch this
2,What's so funny? It's for elementary school students
4,Cheap Shinpa and Tearless Elementary School-level Work
6,It's amazing. There were so many typo kings in our country.
1,It's so boring. School lunch vibes
5,It's so much funIt's so much funIt's so much fun
4,Isn't it a discussion of demise? You talk too much
6,It's not as good as the TV series. I'm surprised it was a fuss in Japan. Getting tired of it until the middle
5,You've only been looking at the Academy this far?
1,Is that right wing animation?
4,I enjoyed watching Annie.It wasn't really worth going to the theater. Not to that extent.One of the episodes to watch the next one.
1,They seem to be learning how to write cheesy lines
1,K
4,I saw it today and I cried watching this. Is this fun? The boring Japanese lines that explain step by step are annoying
1,occultation
1,Did more than 1.8 million elementary school students go to see it?
1,She's just trying to explain and fight with the goblin. Why are you overreacting?
4,The new faction and the ambassador ruined everything
2,I have high expectations. Super boring and obvious story
3,Just a Japanese version of a vampire work. Only the graphics of the UFO shone.
1,I can't believe that 1.8 million people watched this kind of movie.It's a dog's movie
1,It's a sign of ruin
1,This is a movie. The color was so dark that it was disgusting to see
1,Raising a sea monkey would be more fun.
1,Please stop making elementary movies and increase the number of other movie theaters
2,Why are you looking at me like this?
6,I was bored because there were so many scenes where I cried.
6,I was looking forward to it because the reviews were so good. It wasn't so-so
1,It's a movie for those who like it or like it
2,Oduk Dirty Pussy Pussy Pussy Pussy Cartoons Haha Level S.B. Sweating Dirty Glasses Pig Psychos
6,You don't have to watch it at the theater
4,Poor Japanese color culture... The probability of the story...
1,It's just childish. I don't think it's 9.3
4,The story is sad and sad
2,It's not worth a review.It's like a cartoon for kids
6,Japanese comics are a bit heavy
1,Why is it spring on the right? I can hear the cries of our ancestors
2,When did you come down to the movie theater? What kind of movie has not been there for 3 months?
1,the blade of the Rising Sun
1,I don't think Annie is compatible with me. I enjoyed your name. I heard that you have to endure the otaku style to watch it. That's perfectThere's nothing touching or teary about it It's just a fight and it ends
6,It's similar to the Blych Wekomund
1,So boring
5,The battle scene is unprecedented
1,Is this fun? Seriously?
1,I feel the Japanese animation limit right;; This was a box office hit? I'm so touched that I'm crying because I'm childish and I'm fooled by the score
6,I think people who like animations will like it
1,I fell asleep looking at it.
1,Boring and boring
5,The reason why I was born strong was to help the weak...   That's a wonderful thing to say
1,Dragon Ball Is More Fun
1,I don't want you to act like a Japanese kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk. I don't want to hear that. I can't concentrate because the fans are clingy
2,Ha... That's not funny.It's childish. I don't recommend it
1,I have regrets about Japanese animation and comments
1,Don't pay me to watch it
2,A typical Japanese theater version of Annie... I've been talking a lot lately. What is this?
1,Characteristic of Aniboger: He's never been in a relationship before
1,It's just a typical 10-fan-style sentimental animation
6,There are so many tears that it's enough to extinguish the flames
2,I can't believe I'm touched by the cartoon.It's frustrating
2,There are some crazy people who watch this right wing movie
2,It's worth watching the Shinpa trash action scene. It's worth watching
1,This is my GPA part-time job.
1,a Japanese film seen by native Japanese pirates
1,It's worth watching. I think 9 points is too much
1,It's an otaku movie.
2,It's over after a long pause.Rating too high
5,I enjoyed your discussion of life history after watching "Euiyeoldan Cheomdeok" who shouted "half-Japanese"^^
2,That's such a high ratingI don't understand
1,This movie is the biggest hit in Japan? Where did you sell all those fancy 8's and 90's cartoons? It must be hard to go back in time~~ Pathetic Japan that is making a fuss about the greatest box office success~~~~ Are you hearing Korean B.S. that this is fun?
1,It's not fun. It'll be fun for kids only.
2,It's not fun. It's a forced story
1,Not so good except for the battle scenesI'm the only one who thinks of Bleach and looks like a school uniform
6,a comic that is good for children to see
1,Just download it and watch it when you're bored. It's perfect
1,The disadvantage is that Shinpa is too strong
6,I don't think it really hit home
2,It's so cartoonish. There is no end to it. I failed because I got a grade. Is this around 9 points?Laya and the Dragon were really crazy fun.This is really not it!
2,That's lame. What a waste of stars.
6,I can't understand because I only watch movies
1,I lost my money.
2,I was fooled by the rating... I don't know where it's fun
2,Why does it get deleted if I say it's not fun?
1,It's really not fun. Why are you watching?
1,It's not fun.
4,Story is not fun. RENKOKU is fighting alone
1,It's a shame that I couldn't even make it in the Evangelion book that was released 10 years ago
2,Ugh... it wasn't good
4,It's not as fun as I thought. It's not fun.
6,Is it worth watching until middle school?I don't know why it's so popular. Is it the expectation of the original?
2,Something... a frustrating and sudden development without a real story
4,The whole thing was so boring except for the last battle scene.
5,I don't understand. Everyone's part-timer...It's really not funny.In the middle... It came out...
1,Skip it from the war criminal's earring.
1,Japanese culture begins with a sword
5,It's like a series of TV animations in theaters
1,I'll give you 1 point like 11 points^^
2,Is the rating for real?
4,No... I don't think it's that bad. I felt so sorry for asking you to go watch it with me.
2,There's nothing else to see except for drawing. I didn't like it Only the last battle scene of Rengoku is worth seeing.
6,It was fun. It was fun
1,It's so boring...
1,changed the name of a zombie to blood He's not creative. He's childish
6,It would have been nice to exclude a few lines that were unnecessary. The music played in battle scenes and characters was so good.
1,It's a third-rate comic full of childish jjamppong. I'm busy sucking up baduks.
6,It was worth watching
1,You're way behind Disney
4,Don't expect a movie to be better while watching Neckless. It's for TV
6,I watched it with the kids. Not as much as I expected.
1,I'll talk to you again after I see you
1,It's a Japanese movie. The end
6,Pretending to be a movie version...It's not different from just putting two TV versions together. CG is just...The action scene was very fancy and good
1,People in countries that don't know the meaning of war crimes will be ruled again. It's so sad.
2,It's so cheesy... Mischievous hate of explanatory villains
6,Magic Thousand Characters + The Haunted House
2,Are you saying that you miss the days when you sexual slavery a girl of elementary school age and use a living person as an experiment and want to do it again?
1,I'm meeting native Japanese pirates.Are you kidding me with all the speeches you made on March 1st?
1,It's my first time giving a point. I came out in the middle.
6,It's a well-mated cartoon.The story is strong.My daughter cried a little...Enjoy watching it.^^
1,First place on March 1st...Is this real?Thank you for erasing the diary.
6,The kid likes it There was jam
6,I enjoyed it with the kids
2,I thought I was going to die. An adult man next to me was crying
2,Cartoons are just cartoons. My emotions are out
1,A movie that would have been twice as good if you reduced the running time by 10 minutes
2,I'm so sleepy at first. I'm sleepy
2,Elementary cartoon to the earth.Japanese kids' brains stopped in the '80s
1,Why is this fun?I'm not crazy.I was fooled by the score...Japanese animations are like beggars
6,It wasn't to the point of crying. It was just normal
4,It's Maniac Annie. Kids in elementary and middle school are disgusted and enjoy watching it. My review of the generation who enjoyed watching Dragon Ball was boring.T
1,This is in the 9-point range?  Are there only elementary school students who were tricked on the weekend and wasted time - 5 points is a waste
1,Why is this movie number one in the office?
1,The movie is so terrible...
1,There's only one spectacular painting.
2,I got bored and came out in the middle
6,Cringe-worthy production Only Japanese animation enthusiasts will cheer for it. No answer. Anime
2,Ah... so ethically uncomfortable.
1,They said they beat Sen and Chihiro. What the
6,I don't know why this is fun...Isn't it the legendary hometown version of Naruto?
2,Do I have to pay to watch this?  You're not going to make it right?
6,It's so hectic and it's just that
6,I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on
6,It's just fun to talk about it. It's fun
5,Sigh... So boring
1,Chewing saggers are so gross and disgusting
4,I'm a little disappointed if I expected too much from the movie versionIt's better if it's just on TV
4,Episode 19 is more interesting than the movie version.
2,The action is just the skill. There's no story to watch. I have a brain fracture from time to time to time. Skill description incorrect. There's a nippon-style tear scene. I'm thinking: 20 million movies like this? Are you kidding me?
2,It's like an otaku
1,EgoGo fans will like it
2,Just watch it when you have free time and you don't have anything to do
1,I'm out of here. I'm serious. Nippon Annie is a mess
1,It's such a mess Please hurry up and put it down Please. It's a waste of money to watch it. I'd rather eat a chicken
2,The reputation of Daum is extreme. How can it be so different? Did you work on the virus?
1,Why are you watching right wing animations?It's obviously the Rising Sun Flag
4,We're just squeezing.It's not that
1,I can only see the limits of Japanese animation
6,I enjoyed watching a good movie
1,You're killing Rengoku.
1,OOO is attracting dogs with no fun
1,Are you serious?
1,There was no emotion and nothing to see.
1,I want to rip my ears off with Tanji
1,War criminal earrings. Are you out of your mind? Pathetic otaku
2,Is this the world of otaku ^^..
2,It's so childish and draggy! I think it would have been better to explain the story for the first time
1,I hate it. I hate it. I don't want to see it.
4,The TV version couldn't be immersed and the movie couldn't be immersed.
2,You don't have to watch it in theaters because the movie version is almost the same as the TV version
1,I'm not looking at the shaggy ones. Get lost
5,I fell asleep in the middle because I didn't watch Annie. And it's not that fun. It's just a little worth watching the battle scene
1,Really. I forced myself to watch it because of my friend
4,There seems to be no reason for the rating to be so high. I was just like that.
6,It's a movie for kids! What a waste of money!
1,Is this place closed for a month while showing the movie for two months?
2,I didn't... I slept after watching it-- I think it's nice to see them
1,Fans are excited. Look at their ratings
1,I couldn't concentrate because of the explanation
1,It's not fun. It's not fun. What do you mean it'
2,I've never seen this kind of Annie before. Maybe it's because I don't watch a lot of Japanese cartoons... It's a bad movie. The story is far-fetched... There's nothing like a movie
6,NAVER series bought all the earrings
1,... zzzz ...
6,Much different from Ghibli. Recommended for under 20s
6,It was fun. The last battle scene was great. It was a bit sadT
6,I almost cried... Rengoku...
1,2021 Street Fighter + Japanese Explanatory New Wave. This work is truly a new Japanese box office record??? The fall of the animation industry following the Japanese film industry. Boring comfort.
2,Now that I'm 4 years old... I can feel the childishness of the animation... Touching? I don't understand why I am crying...
1,I was fooled by NAVER ratings
6,I can't relate to why Rengoku cries even if he's not sleepy. Japanese comics are not fun and 2 hours are too long
1,Are you serious about this? I slept in the middle. Too childish
1,This kind of thing is it? Why is NAVER the only one saying it's fun?
1,Childish Pppongjjak
2,I'm not impressed
6,I watched it with my family during the holidays My son enjoyed watching it
6,The painting was good. I don't like the story
1,It's like Power Rangers and Bleach. It's not fun at all. It's a childish cartoon
1,I'm so disappointed. It can't be this boring
4,It's a really boring movie. A tear-jerking ending
6,It was fun.There are people who either like it or dislike it
6,I personally didn't like it.
1,The fact that there are no stories made in Japan still occupies the screen during Korean holidays
1,It's going to smell like a movie theater sweat
2,I don't recommend it if you don't know and want to watch it.
2,It's the worst movie ever I don't recommend it
1,Bloody blood makes me fall asleep right awayIt's an animation that's perfect for elementary school students. I slept really well
2,I don't know if I have to see this at this point.
1,I don't think it's going to be fun even if I don't watch it
1,It's not the worst of Imany.
2,Just don't look at sleep. It was all part-time job. I was fooled again
1,It was uncomfortable watching it...
2,It doesn't matter who you are A movie that makes me regret seeing myself paying for this. The worst movie I've ever seen in my life!
6,I recommend "It' I recommend it!
2,It's a low-grade color that's perfect for low-quality Josensors
6,The storyline is a bit boring compared to the TV series
2,I don't know why you're watching.
2,Rengoku Why did you die? Even Sanghyun Oni would die with you. I hope to be in the movie version of Rengoku Dam. It was a dream a writer's story
1,That's not funny.
1,It's not fun...
4,The author pays back and bows to the Youtube for life.
1,Too many baduks. Too high
1,It's so childish and boring. What a waste of money
4,It was fun. I think it would be a good movie for children
1,Childish Annie for the first-timers.
1,I am a Korean. Do you need any further explanation?
1,I wonder if it's just like middle and high school students
1,Annie knitted with familiar stories. forced emotion a tedious development Japanese animation's painting style that no longer develops. Time is a waste in a word.
4,It's just martial arts that you don't have to watch. Why did I see this? I think it's a rating manipulation
1,The drawing and directing are great.
1,This is 9.6? 7.6 is good. I give you 1 point because the rating is too high.
1,Do you really want me to sell Japanese animation in this sensitive time?
6,the most Japanese storyI think there's a reason why the patterns on the earrings are the Rising Sun Flag
1,Japanese animation without prejudice and no jam seems to be going out of fashionedHe's become like him. I loved him
2,Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.Who pays to watch that at the theater?
1,You've hit me so hard. Japanese best guy who voluntarily works part-time and cleans up after watching this
1,Did you work all the part-time jobs? How much do you pay to work?
1,Whoops
2,It's really not fun   I'm so sleepy. I don't know why it's so popular. It's the worst
1,It's just a Japanese animation
1,I strongly recommend it for insomnia patients. I don't know how many times the lines come out in the scene...It's a live-action bore. Only the household members can go see. That was me Ugh.
6,I watched it because my kid liked it
6,Too much juice. I think it's a bit disappointing
1,I think you will like Japanese otaku.Ghibli is much better
1,It feels like I've been nagging for 2 hours
1,It might be hard if you're not a fan of cheesy Japanese animations
1,The extreme of childishness... All the characters are too much talkers. Let's not look at this.
2,Do you want to go to the theater to see Japanese cartoons in this situation?
1,Is there no zero point?
6,It's just a Japanese animationI watched it because my son wanted to see it
6,Only the last 20 minutes of battle is fun...The rest of the yawns keep coming out and tears come out
4,I slept... I'm not good at a loss for games.
4,It's just vampire water. What are those who regret their lives if they don't watch this? Look at the dress instead. It's a set-up jjamppong that I've seen before.
2,I didn't like it because I noticed it from the beginning.
2,My 2500 won and 1 hour and 41 minutes are a waste. I think everything about On God Cliché is in it. It's recommended for those who like romance comics.
2,My 2500 won and 1 hour and 41 minutes are a waste. I think everything about On God Cliché is in it. It's recommended for those who like romance comics.
6,the probability of eating with emotion
2,It's fun. Gurt
6,Beautiful Japanese melodrama and twist beautifully decorated with Western music.
6,Horror movie or what? You like 20 years younger than me. Cheongseol is much more realistic and interesting
3,It's a bit unfortunate because it's a movie that has good material but lacks persuasion. The piano performance was impressive and wonderful
6,Was I expecting too much? It was more boring than I thought. Back and forth between the past and the presentIt's a bit complicated
1,Namjoo's pro-Japanese and anti-Korean relationship
1,I Love Playing the Piano!
4,It's worth watching the piano scene. It's a bit childish. I don't know why it's rated high
6,There were a lot of scenes that looked like ddibyong;;
1,Is this a movie?
4,It's so touching.
1,A movie that is overrated. I give a star because of the music.People who give 10 points to movies like this will give 10 points to the morning drama...
1,Ending Scolding 1010 Characters
3,I was confused whether it was a horror movie or a romance movie or nothing more than a third-rate reversal movie.
1,I don't even understand what it's about. The story itself is ruined
1,It's already been the third time since the Spider-Man actor changed. Prequel and reboot are boring.
6,The movie that plays all the time at school
1,hjgytgujhtyhrt
1,A forced twist sent to the story mountain.One star is a waste
1,It's worse than I thought
6,I think it would have been fun if I watched it at the time of its release. Actresses are so pretty. I love the piano scene.
1,What's the ending? What do you want me to do alone?
1,It's made in China
5,I don't think you can look forward to the movie
1,What is this? I was tricked and looked at it and it's like a piece of cake
1,I think I ate a bad jjamppong
1,I understand that it's fun for kids who don't know English. You need to save the expression "masterpiece." Hullwood put 10 movies together
1,I can't relate to it at all It's not fun...
2,All the high school students are adults...It's hard to immerse myself because I'm so bad at acting
5,Don't tell me what to do with professional ratings. Critics don't just focus on the fun elements of movies and evaluate them.
5,I'm sick of talking about time warp love I'm going to meet you now. I'll give you one more point
1,OOO flag is OOO!
3,Childish storyline but not boring Taiwanese film
4,I saw it because it was a masterpiece. Is it because I was looking forward to it?  Childish production and boring development. The twist isn't that...
1,It's a waste of time
4,It was quite disappointing... I should've only seen the piano battle scene.
6,A sweet and sweet time to see you when you open your eyes after enduring all the over-setting.
1,FANTASY MELO EDUCATIONAL MOVIE FOR Elementary School Students
6,The genre is so indecisive
1,Can't be higher than Titanic 8th grade movie
4,The character who has a light mouth rather breaks the movie's immersion and tension.
1,I was fooled by the school cafeteria workers!
6,Shocking and horror movie. Did you have to make Namjoo like that?
6,The piano battle scene is always fun to watch. The plot is neat and storytelling is good.
5,Is this really fun?
1,I think it's not a 10 point movie. It's not a movie you can watch two or three times.
1,The rating is too high. I'll lower it for you
1,Think of it as a Taiwanese melodrama that imitates Japanese movies
1,This is a horror movie. I was scared the whole time I saw a female ghost
4,I don't understand how this movie compares to the legend of the piano. I want to give you 1 but I absolutely evaluate it because I watched a movie with 4 people with 9 expectations. The critics...V for Vendetta is 5.50 points and this movie is 5.67 points. Aren't you crazy? Are you picking a score?
1,Youth movie is too much.
3,The difference in taste is big. It was hard to immerse myself because of the contrived scene.
5,It's like a high teen movie. What is this?
5,A Good Solution to Recycle Anti-War Films
5,I didn't know it was going to happen when I thought about the six senses in the beginning. But it's a good production.
5,I was just like that. No big deal
1,Overrated. Need to be lower.I'll give you 1 point for the correct score.
3,Yeoju is so pretty. The content is...
1,This kind of movie?
1,Ha OO Jjangkae movie
1,a sensational plot mess
1,I just saw it on the cable.
1,It's so childish and cheesy that I feel like throwing up. Taiwanese movies are really bad at making them
3,Nothing to watch except piano battle
5,a collection of familiar content
5,I'm glad I saw it on EBS. The directing and setting is a bit childish.
4,Oh Yeonsoo was taken out and I bumped into him.
1,Childish.
1,I trusted the score. What was it?I'm flustered. So boring.
1,I wouldn't have seen it if I had known it was such a welcome
6,ten characters that are not very interesting
1,A movie that lowers the price of the piano. The person who plays the piano after watching this looks really bad
1,a movie about playing the piano
4,a film that feels calm and quiet
1,I can see how much a movie like this is worth more than 9 points
1,Why is this rating so high--it's not actually this number
2,A ridiculous time travel fantasy romance movie
1,The fact that the ratings and ratings distribution graphs are very similar to Clementine says a lot.
1,This is funny
1,The only thing I remember is the piano battle.
3,It's just... It's less touching and childish than when I first saw it
5,Is this movie coming out soon?
6,The scene where you play the piano is cool
5,I don't think it's going to be No. 1 on NAVER movie ratings.  I'm going to lower the score for realization.
1,Disgusting movie. It's not fun and the main character is disgusting
1,I watched it during the music class. It's not fun
6,The thing in common with the last concert is that it is a well-received movie that sheds tears for people in Northeast Asia.
5,You fall in love out of the blue and come out of boredom while watching SF unfold
4,How can you even re-release a movie like this?
5,? I think it's going around the Internet I think it was fun
6,Did I look forward to it too much?
1,I prefer Japan. Chinese melo is... But it wasn't.K
6,It's just an obvious movie.
1,I don't think it's this high.
5,It's just worth watching. Is the rating high because there are a lot of kids... It's just...
1,I feel like I was fooled by the rating
1,My favorite group in this movie is a teenage man
6,It's a good movie. Jay Chou is pretty good. But... 10 points is too much.
1,The music is worth listening to.
4,A midsummer night's oink oink...
6,I thought it was a thriller in the middle of the game
5,Sometimes a journalist critic's rating can tell the right truth
5,The second half is more childish and cheesy compared to the well-organized first half. It's pathetic that I watched the first half until the end
1,The commercial bubble rating is too much. I don't understand if it's because people who gave 10 points to this movie watched only a few movies
1,The rating is too high. I should give you a discount. I'm so bad at acting.
1,Childish. And the rating is too high
1,I don't think it's my favorite genre
1,I'm proud of myself for watching this until the end. All my family members are sleeping
1,Who's manipulating the ratings?
5,NAVER rating is a movie that teaches you not to trust. ^^
1,an incomprehensible bubble
1,....haha I think it's just a good movie and nothing more
1,Let's get the rating right. NoIt's too high
1,The movie is very boring
5,The reporter and critic's score is exactly what I want to give. Fantasy who fell in love fantasy
1,Boring... a messy plot.
1,Kim Gil-tae = Park Chu-young = Jay Chou...I can't concentrate because of this thoughtK
6,It's a story about a Taiwanese ghost. LOL
5,Kanada Ramabasa Azacha
1,Netizen's score is unbelievable. How did you get into it?
6,It was as frustrating as 'Architecture Introduction'.
6,I don't like Chinese movies because I think I'll get cursed at if I give it lower.
1,I think the rating is too high. 8 points. Moderate
5,The movie that once ranked first on NAVER What kind of movie is this... A masterpiece is a piece of cake.
6,What I remember is that a woman was a soul and a piano battle. It wasn't very impressive.
1,What's the point of choosing a good music?Movies are trash
1,It's terribly boring. I'm even proud of myself for seeing it through.
1,I recognized it since the piano battle. It's for my son. The Second Clementine
1,childishness
3,Why is this????
2,Gyerunmi is pretty. The movie is about what the kids would like
5,There was nothing to watch except piano battle.
4,I couldn't see the end because my hands and feet were cringed
1,A masterpiece will be frozen to death
1,Not funny
6,It's exactly six points.
6,I'm so attached to Jay Chou
1,6-7 GPA is appropriate...A masterpiece is nothing.
1,Set up a comb to pick up trash and like
5,5 points is enough. I'm giving this to you after looking at the beauty of the video
5,Is Kye Ryun-mi a ghost?
1,GPA Woolsey ^^
1,It's a waste to give one star. a trashy movie
1,It's too high... Seven to eight is appropriate
5,The story is out!!!!! I wish my acting skills were only good in terms of good story.
5,I didn't do as well as I expected
4,Only the music was good
6,A girl who runs through time...
3,An uncomfortable encounter between a lost romantic fantasy and an old-fashioned skit
6,It would have been nice if the story was detailed
1,Is this a movie?
4,It's really out of the blue
2,It's too obvious that there's nothing else to watch besides the piano battle
1,It's not very touching. Did I expect too much?
1,B and R
1,... It's boring and unnatural. Why do you change Chopin's songs like that?
1,How can this crazy movie be in the 9's;;; it's normal to be in the 8's;;; I didn't feel a little sloppy????? It was in the 8's or 7's a few years ago
1,That's what I'm saying. You were jealous of Psy's horse dance
6,I thought it was a Japanese movie.
1,The movie "Jjang-kae"
6,Hoo Rabin sigh...
5,It's truly cringe-worthy. It's just a dog-like fantasy that stimulates women's emotions. And do you think that shaggy face suits this movie? You can see how childish the movie is just by looking at teenagers with the highest ratings by age.
1,Eat a lunch for Jay Chou
3,not much
1,I cry a lot. not shed a teargg
5,A movie that kids at that age would relate to.
1,Dog OOO
6,It's worth seeing
1,It was so boring
1,Just because the OST is good doesn't mean that the quality of the work is good.
6,I thought I was watching a horror movie in the middle. A movie that's nice if there was a thrill
4,I looked at the ratings and in the middle... It wasn't fun for me
1,It's a rating of 8 points
5,The content is childish with only music and lingering feelings.
5,I felt like I saw a copy of "Downpour" by a clumsy piano-loving writer. The song was good
1,The emotions didn't match me. My hands and feet cringed throughout the movie.
5,The film's composition is as fresh as the two of themselves
1,It's not good
5,a well-organized film with only piano playing
4,Why did you mix weird fantasy when you were doing well?
5,sloppy except for music and atmosphere
1,The directing was all good. But I don't know why this has a high rating.
1,It is not appropriate for this movie to receive such a rating
5,It's just so-so
3,^^;; Not really...
6,It wasn't as good as I expected
3,Sloppy composition. Cheesy lines and characters. But the visuals and performances of male and female main characters are good.
1,There are a lot of Chinese in Taiwan. They leave malicious comments on Korean movies and praise here
4,Why is it all a complimentally?;; Unbelievable...Composition. Poor development
1,Why does the movie "Jjangkae Kwon" seem so tacky and can't relate to it no matter how many times I watch it
1,It's corny and boring. Cute is similar to the novel "Syndrom." It's a perfect movie for kids.
1,The Power of the Continent~ A movie that catches time
4,I don't know what's better than music.
1,It's nothing more than a story that will move the kids. It's forced. It's Chinese sentiment
1,That's an exaggeration
1,There are a lot of childish people in our country
1,boring in the countryside
1,a third-rate rubbish film with no content
1,Worst. It's cliché and the production is crazy. But the actresses are so attractive.
1,Bluffing + cheesy acting + leap of events + obvious story.. Why is it over 9 points? You're a part-timer.
1,How should I say it? It's like putting in all the original melodrama
1,You're childish.
1,Yuck
1,9.26 It's not a big one; it's a little better
6,Very disappointing compared to the rating... I thought it was a horror movie in the middle and late...
4,It's a movie that has many meanings.
5,Suspicion arises that Yoo Ji-tae plagiarized "I agree" by Kim Ha-neul. It was fun.
6,Taiwanese movie imitating Japanese movie... One star for Gyerunmi...
5,the culmination of various weaves
1,Why is it above 9 points? I really can't understand. the disastrous results of public opinion
1,Worst. Not funny. It's an obvious movie with an obvious romance and an obvious ending.
1,Why is the rating so high? It's worth watching only the piano and Gyerun beauty
6,I don't think it's a perfect score
1,The rating is too high. 7 to 8 points is enough.
6,Too much is not enough
6,I can't believe I'm touched by a movie like this. Everyone seems to have a clear soul. I was fooled by the rating
1,S.B. What is it? NAVER GPA
6,An unexpected twist isn't the whole movie
6,Love is always a fantasy even if it's old.
1,How can this movie get a rating of 9.25? Maybe the part-timers worked on it I think 7 points is appropriate
1,What's so touching about it?
1,What kind of movie is this? It's got a rating of more than nine
1,What can you say under your armpit?
6,a maximum of seven films
5,More than I thought...Boredom
5,It's not a touching movie but a movie that leaves lingering feelings
1,That's too lame
5,A sad... Legend of a pianist and an opera ghost
4,I think Jay Chou wanted to play the piano and film a movie with Gyeryun beauty
1,-- be angry and frustrated -- absurdity
1,A movie that would have given 8 points without a fantasy element. The background music is good
6,Movies are movies
3,Predictable taste difference
4,Movies that have different preferences... I'll just give you as much as I feel.
1,It's just like that
1,Disgusting island dogs swarming with wasted jjajangkis
1,a film of rubbish
5,It's a movie that's perfect for women who like romantic movies
1,Why is the rating so high?People would think it's a masterpiece that's going to leave a path in film history
5,I agree with the word thriller
1,If you look at something else...
1,Top
1,I don't know what you're talking about
1,Boredom
6,The rating of 10 is the opposite.The piano battle part was impressive
1,Why is the rating so high? The last one is a mess. It's not a fantasy. Let's be normal
1,It's a horror movie
6,a conscientious rating
6,It's a combination of...
6,Countless teenagers across the country showed the essence of the high-teen melodrama they dreamed of
6,Composition and production are all good
1,Rating ↓ Must be --
1,It's too high.
1,I don't know what it's about
1,Wasn't this a horror movie?
2,Disappointed. I don't understand why they made this movie.
6,I don't understand why this movie has such a high rating
1,It's not... It's not good.
1,I saw it at school...
1,A movie about an island called "Korean Wave Fool-jjang-kkae
1,What Meki?LOL
1,The movie that goes down goes down
6,a movie that is a masterpiece at the piano
1,Hm.. are only Jay Chou fans here?It's not exciting or fun
1,It came out too high
5,The twist is cliche. It's not touching. But there's nothing memorable.
1,Elementary and middle school movies
6,A horror movie?
1,I didn't like it at all
1,It's a squeezing movie
1,For elementary school students
1,Lowering the GPA
1,It's definitely not number one.
1,OOOO movies
1,I don't think it's enough to win first place
1,7 points is just right. It becomes a thriller at the end
5,FANTASY at the last minute
1,not much
1,not much
5,9.23 is too much.Our Nari was so generous.^^:
1,Phew...
1,What is this? It's uncomfortable and annoying
6,It looks good for teenagers
5,It's subjective but a bit tacky. It's unique to Chinese movies.5 points for playing the piano
1,Genre is fantasy?
1,I was wondering...
3,in a daze
1,It's bread
5,a ridiculous rating
6,Slightly obvious;
5,What's that?
1,It's too high
6,Overrated movie. Frustrating and obvious plot.
1,Don't give me a 10 rating just because you're touched -- the 8 rating should be lowered to a proper level
1,It's not that...
1,Teenage middle school girls. I think Korean movies are better
1,Yes?
6,"Mysterious TV Surprise Theater Version"
1,I think mid-eight is good enough.
5,Why is this rated high?
6,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9.22...
1, well
6,I was watching well...The last regret turned into frustration.
1,It was really badThis?
1,an easy ending
1,a typical overestimation
1,Do you know what's the difference between an expert rating and an expert rating on Cine 21? It's snow! Snow!
1,I know even if you don't say itIt's chocolate pie! This!
1,It's kind of boring... The music is good ^^;
1,The best in the national team!
1,It's just boring It's not fun. It's a personal evaluation.
1,Let's lower the rating -- how unfair would a nine-point movie be to see this movie?
1,It's kind of boring.; Is it because it's too musical?
1,A movie that only remembers the piano melody
3,Horror & Comic. Playing the piano was good ^^
1,The movie that got fooled by NAVER's rating...Love stories that have crossed over different times are already too common
1,A very unpleasant movie rating of 8.5 is appropriate
1,Especially the overrated movie on Naver.
1,Only I Love You + Beautiful Mind + Horror Movie? A crude combination.Not a clean ending
1,Piano battle immer..The piano isn't like this.; A glorified movie...It's hard to sing a slow song.
1,a movie for elementary school students
1,A movie for thoughtless children to enjoy
4,Poor composition and goosebumps.A movie that only remembers Gyerunmi...
6,The music was good and the story of the twist was...
1,I can't understand why this movie has such a high rating.
4,unspeakable crudeness
1,Why is the rating so high... I can only remember the piano battle
1,It's like I've seen it somewhere. It's just a fake. Trash in a word.
1,I don't know why the ratings are so high... it was the worst by my standards.
1,Give me the dog
1,I hope you don't fall for the rating. It's an elementary and middle school movie. It's so childish.Hahaha
1,This is the same level as "Life is Beautiful" in a contrived fantasy
6,It's all mixed up... Score given because of music
1,I think it's too obvious; a movie that doesn't leave much of a comic or moving impression on me
1,Your rating is too high
1,an unspeakable loss Don't trust the score Half a star is a waste
1,Was it because of expectations? I was a little disappointed. The rating is too high
3,All I remember is a piano competition.a bit of a ridiculous movie
4,I expected the story after watching a little bit at first. The music was worth listening to...
1,I'm so sleepy. I was bored to death watching until the end
1,too high for the movie
1,The rating is ....This is too high
1,That's ridiculous.
1,9.22? Play the piano at Jay Chou's piano academy
1,a dreary.c
1,a testament to the test
2,It was so focused on playing the piano that I didn't seem to be faithful to the story.
1,OOO --
2,Weave trash...People who watch movies properly can see how trashy it is.
1,That's a ridiculous - -;; rating is too high
1,Oh my... The rating... I have nothing to say...
5,It's boring but it's not funny at the same time I don't understand the rating
6,Isn't this an obvious story?
1,It's not just a movie owned by Chou Geol-ryun.
5,That's so childish.5 points for the music.
5,If only love. It should be lower than actual.
1,I don't know what's the best...
2,It was ridiculous
6,So childish;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
1,I agree. I don't understand why this would be award-winning and calm.
1,Let's find our spot
6,It feels like we're too close in the middle
1,Seol's acting has improved a lot.
1,Hwang Chu-saeng is flustered!
1,This isn't it...
1,You want me to give a point to another movie to raise the ranking? I'll give you 1 point because you're so shy
3,Did I watch too many movies ;; I didn't feel much fun.;
1,1 point was also made into operation
1,Children's movies
1,I'm not good except for the piano battle
1,What's so funny?
1,I didn't like it
1,Beggar Gatta
6,Sentiment that I saw a lot in Japanese movies. But there is no emotion. Playing the piano is good!
5,It's not that...
2,All I remember is a piano battle. It's not fun. It's a movie with 7 points
1,It's not like this
6,A fantasy movie also needs truthfulness.
6,Just a normal melodrama. The OST was good
1,I can't even talk to you
1,Something's wrong with this...
1,It's just a movie that makes you want to make juice.
1,It's the first time I swear with both hands while watching a movie - you bad guys - get punished by heaven except Seo Young-hee - especially Kim Gap-soo - your mom should take care of you - oh so annoying
1,A typical Korean movie...;;; Because you've been living in a state of neglect and getting sick?
5,Literally the most beautiful farewell in the world. I wish I could die like this. It's a problem because it's a problem
4,It's just like a movie that makes you cry.Kim Gapsoo is good at acting
1,I don't know where the tears are coming from.I'm just getting angry
1,The most annoying parting actors in the world who portray victims in the patriarchal system as a new school are truly angry watching them act well
1,What the hell is a beautiful breakup... It's a story about living through hardships caused by things you don't even want to call your family and getting sick and dying. It was disgusting to see them regretting that they were going to go through a lot of trouble
1,A typical Korean movie with a tear-jerking ending that emphasizes sacrifices under the patriarchal regime
3,The intention to make the audience very sad was so obvious that I couldn't get close. There were several movies that I watched while crying out loud.
1,Urological cattle germination simulation farmer
1,It's a waste of time. It's a waste of time because it's a waste of time
1,Beijing Airlines Authority Science and Technology Park opens
1,It's really bad. It's really bad
1,Human Sports Day APEC for Talese
1,A movie where actors' passionate acting is a waste
1,a sad movie
1,The original drama was made out of trash.
2,Democracy of emotional movies
2,I can't believe that you did a movie full of hate culture on TV again
1,I don't understand why the rating is high;;;
6,I don't think the main character would have had cancer if it weren't for his family.
1,It's the least interesting drama in the world. Na Moon-hee's appearance is the best. It's the best drama for me with insomnia
6,There are so many new scenes. I'm touched by just a few scenes
6,This movie is a good movie.
4,The story was really sad and tearful. Should family members be so unanswered? It was uncomfortable the whole time I saw it
2,The tears that came out of the sudden direction and the character setting go in
1,I can't cry at all because of the new drama I hear as if it's about someone else
6,It's an obvious lesson to be nice when you'really
3,None of the works titled 'The Most in the World' is worth seeing.
1,It's a drama that anyone can write.  Nothing special about movies
1,an obvious and tiresome specimen of a Korean-style sad movie
1,The whole time I watch a grim and angry movie -- why is it 9 points? Do you think I look familiar when I enjoy watching movies like this?  A movie that I felt uncomfortable the whole time I watched it.
5,an open-ended method of sewage
6,If you cut off the side branches and pulled out the tears.
5,It wasn't touching at all.  It was so obvious that you forced yourself to cry
6,The code of emotion or sadness shown in the movie was rat poison to me.
5,The best movie in the world.
2,It's not fun. It's not sad But why does Bae Jong-ok keep coming to people without contacting me?The movie that makes me annoyed all the time
1,I can't stand Chunhyang's oily skinWhat is this movie?
1,The rating is too low
6,A sad remake that misses Na Moonhee
1,There's a lot more sad things in reality than this movie.I can't be touched by such an obvious story.
5,I'm so tired of going there to feel touched.
3,It wasn't good
1,not much
4,A typical kimchi drama to squeeze out tears
1,What is it?
5,She did cry...My grandmother's arm is too much. And my grandmother is too short be inferior to the IQ of the first grade in elementary school
4,The cliché... The character Bae Jongok who is frustrated that I've already seen a lot through dramas and movies... No more movies like this--
1,Why is this first place? LOL
1,NAVER manipulation is certain. I don't know why this is number one
1,There are a lot of people who come here to get 10 points for the mock test. You have to give it to him regardless of that. Rating adjustment
1,That's too much.
1,Koreans give 10 points when they cry. Stop making such forceful movies Don't raise the score too much
1,I'm disappointed when my mom tries to kill my grandmother
6,The drama with Na Moon-hee and Joohyun is much better.It's the director's problem that the actors didn't cry even though they did this much.
6,He's good when he's around. I should go first
1,too popular
1,It's exactly 6 points for professionals
1,The movie rating of 7 is appropriate. It's No. 1 on NAVER. I don't think so
1,It's so obvious. It's not fun. It's crazy that it's on a mock test.It would be better to study it in time to watch it.I can only see it as a mess.
1,the death of one's mother
1,I'm a sentimental man
6,It's a very common new drama. It's just an actor's turn
1,A movie like OOO
1,a OOO movie
1,forced tears
1,the most beautiful loyalty in the world
6,Acting is good. The story is just...
1,I don't think it's a 9-point movie
5,I think the rating is too bubbly.
1,That's too much.
5,Dementia + adultery + gambling + medical accidents + college entrance exams + pregnancy + uterine cancer ... eat it all
5,I searched Ying and found out that my horoscope was 2 points.
1,Story comprehension and boredom--
1,Did you work out...  How can it be over 9 points?
1,It's so sad
6,He's a 24-year-old man. I was bored to death The only thing I remember is that the mint is pretty...
6,breathe too long
5,It is beautiful but I hate it because it is so sad
1,the height of obviousness and boredom LOL
3,A best-selling theater... I'm so touched
1,Why do you make this movie? Life is already sad enough...
1,Part-timers! xxx!
1,It's around 7 points at the most. It's too high. I'm cutting it
1,I'm going to raise the standard of Korean movies
1,Lower the rating! I like touching things. It's so cliche. It's boring
6,I was sleepy
6,If only it were a little more concise...
4,I was so frustrated and forced. I was annoyed the whole time I watched.
3,It's not fun...
1,I was never sad. It was rather comical. lol
6,It's a movie that makes you cry. But I thought I should be a good son.
4,I have a lot of tears...There are so many sad movies like this. There are many movies with similar plot
6,Just as much as I expected. But it's a movie that will 100% satisfy those who want it
4,Why is it so rated high?;;
1,That's a lot of bubble.I'm disappointed by the story
2,contrived
2,It's so contrived... But the actors' performances are very good. Eight points!
1,It's too popular-
6,It was hard to immerse myself because there was no restraint. Even the forced setting is making me hard./ps.Park Ha-sun is pretty
1,This is not it. I'm so sick of this story
6,I think the ratings are too high... ...and the story composition.I feel like I've been tricked
4,It is true that family members for forced tears are too contrived.
4,There are a lot of things that I want to say because it is unreasonable and sad
1,What's the point of giving 10 points to a movie like this? Watch another movie and think about it
1,Disgusting Korean Film
6,a flat crop
5,I think the score is too high I like movies
5,Shinspa is like this
6,a cliché but commercial film to Korean audiences
5,How long will this movie last?
1,It's so cliche... Ah... It doesn't work...This far-fetched new drama...
3,I'm not touched. I'm filled with Shinpa
5,It's hard to see until the end.
6,It's obvious. But it's sad
1,I was so annoyed that I couldn't see you for 10 minutes.
5,Touching... Kind audiences who give you a perfect score when you stimulate your emotions...The film industry is slow to develop thanks to
1,Are you asking me to be moved by such an obvious and boring story?
3,It was so obvious that I was dumbfounded.
1,Touching movies have high ratings.
5,They sell tears cheap.
1,I'm so touched by this movie. I can't say anything about it
3,I see the future ahead.
6,The indiscriminate use of music has reduced the quality of the movie
6,Well...
6,Isn't this kind of material too boring? I expected it to be more beautiful
3,Your family's behavior is so improbable. I clean up my sick mother
1,A movie with an obvious story.It's too obvious.It's a story about killing people by making them sick
4,I can't feel touched because I can't relate to the lines and settings
4,I don't understand why this movie has such a high rating. It's like a small theater.
6,the light and shadow of a film faithful to the original
1,It's not... I'm forced to move. I'm forced to sad
3,It's a waste of money to watch it at the movies
6,I'm worse than a drama
6,It's sad
1,It's not touching. It's just a laugh.
6,The acting was good :)
4,So artificial grief --
4,My feelings are dry...
2,Totally boring. It's much more touching to watch the drama
5,I feel forced to grieve.It would have been better if I had made it more calm...
1,A bitter and boring film about the value of family as a mere tool against a daughter-in-law and mother-in-law
6,The movie version of "Take Care of Mom"? There is no novelty like the novel did.
1,That's lame. Let's drop the rating. It's worth 6 points even if you give me a lot.
1,Is it a contradiction? Is it sad if you cry and part ways? It's 하네.
5,I think it's just worth watching
1,I can't forget the acting of Na Moon-hee and Joohyun. Especially Joohyun.Kim Gap-soo and Bae Jong-ok are weak...
6,I think you need a fresh and rich story and a smooth ending
1,It's like a third-rate drama. I tried to make it cry. It's not sad. It's not fun
1,It smells like part-time play.This rating-rigging movie should not be watched for the development of the film industry.
5,Scenes and cuts are a bit of a mess. I felt discomfort first rather than tears first.It's sad though.
5,Five points are worth an area.An hour and a half was really boring and half was worth watching.Do you think I'm emotionally dry?
1,A forced emotion that goes with the sloppy drama squeezing. Let's stop fishing
1,Please don't be ridiculous. A low-budget movie
6,Familiar scenes from other films/drama featuring a time-limited protagonist were borrowed and boring
4,It feels like watching a typical drama.
6,Just because the story is good doesn't mean the movie is good...
4,I bought Megabox.   crying
6,a light word for a bull's-eye
2,Your pathetic acting is so real. Busan guy embarrassment. Boring.
1,같은Same autobiography. Is this an autobiography?
6,I don't think I saw the wind. Please re-release it in 2021
2,Am I the only one who's not funny?Am I wrong?
1,It's a beautiful movie. It's a bully to bully and hit children in groups.
1,I don't know what's funny
1,He's so cute
1,a movie that shows the bravado of expensive twin men
1,Stop blowing the wind. How can there be no middle ground? I can't beat the crap out of it. I'm so pissed off
5,It's a movie that's meaningful just to show who Jungwoo is
1,Hwang Jung-eum's dialect is too much. Did you practice it?
2,So I understand everything you want to say. So?
6,"Grand eye patch". This is the only one left
1,a film that glorifies school violence
5,The movie that my daughter plays in Busan bully's memory daughter
6,Do you think you'll look like a high school student if you put your school uniform on a guy in his 30s or 40s?
1,I don't want to associate this with a masterpiece
6,A picture of youth that comes to mind sometimes
1,I was tricked by the rating. I don't know what's funny.
6,It seems unreasonable that I suddenly went to a touching story Should I do a Korean Shin-para?
1,It's not funny.
1,You're a gangster movie
1,It's nothing more than a crazy movie
1,Gunnery movie. Why is this rating?
6,0123456789 The movie that the music was really like OO
5,It's a movie that's close to a documentary from Kim Jung-kook's school days.  It's not funny.
1,Say "no answer" instead of "jjinja wind"
1,I can't believe this kind of movie is a masterpiece. That's why I said it's a Korean movie that I trust and skip
1,I don't know the reason for the high evaluation
5,Friendship? You changed it beautifully ^^. It's Jung Cafe
1,It's so obvious that it's boring...
1,Middle and high school boys like this kind of movie. I know this is life. Is this a movie? It's like being a gangster or a school bully
1,The Childish Film of Busan's Bunchies
1,What are you talking about? You low-level people
1,Youth Outsourcing Violent Films from Gangster Beauty
5,Isn't it a beautiful movie? /.
2,A film director with no sense of purpose and no message wanted to glorify his school days
1,"Korea's Self-destruct in Praise of Gangster Movies"
1,How can Adam play like this when he was in high school? I can't relate to him at all because he graduated from the humanities department. Is it different because you're a local idol?
1,The score is too high.
4,The movie that disappointed me after watching the ratings. Goodbye my friend and this movie
5,Oh... What is it... Really...
1,1 point is a waste. Hwang Jung-eum is a waste
2,It's not fun but it's a movie that got a lot of points for bluffing.
1,A movie where trash scolds with trash!
6,A lively drama that has returned to its former self.
1,The daily lives of the bullies who study and work hard. I can't relate to people who reminisce about their school days with these movies.
1,a forced combination of clichés
1,I don't care. I'm done for less than 60 minutes
1,A movie with a high rating of 8 points
1,How can this be 9 points?
6,Stories of my immature days and growing pains.
2,I can't relate to it except for the ending
6,A movie filled with stories of the days when the bullies ran wild rather than the bitterness they felt later
6,Why high school days then and now? Is it a life that I have been through and others have been through? It is a work that makes me bitter!
6,Was Jungwoo's acting this good?  The story and the action scenes you take off with words make it bland...
3,I think I know why it wasn't a hit
1,I can't believe the ratings are so high
1,What kind of cast are all men in their mid-30s?
1,A trashy third-rate gangster movie.
1,It's a disappointing movieA squirrel. (It's hard to fill 10 letters. There's nothing to write.)
1,A movie that shows Busan kids pre-schooling in the army
4,Ddongtong High School. About the wannabe gangsters. The composition of the movie is easy.
1,I saw it on the screen. Why is this movie in the 9th grade?
1,It's not fun
5,You miraculously save the movie that 1994 ruined
1,No Jae-am...
1,I don't want to watch a garbage movie again
1,What do you make if you don't come out as a gangster in a Joseon movie?
5,There is nothing special except for the fun of reading old memories
1,Why isn't there a zero point? It's a waste of one point
1,I looked at the ratings and I don't know why it's high...I don't know if people in certain regions gave me a high price.
2,It says action in the genre
6,It's fun and sad I think it's a growth movie that teenagers must watch.
1,I can relate to him because he graduated from a business high school in business.Somehow.
1,A film that glorifies gangsters. Let's not let this kind of movie come out anymore.
1,What is it?
3,It's just a high school bully movie that lives in Busan.
3,It wasn't that much fun because I was freaking out at school... I feel restless
1,Do you really think it's over 9 points?
1,a high rating trick a school documentary
1,I don't like it
1,This is why school violence is rampant...;;;
6,I guess all the movies with 10 points are dead.
6,It's about 6 points It's boring and I don't think it's fun
5,Let's not forget that the wind is always blowing
1,There are a lot of bugs and trash in NAVER movie
1,Why is the rating so high? It was a movie that made me realize the importance of time after watching the movie with a happy ending and the boredom of the second half of the movie
1,The movie is interesting. But I don't think this is right.
6,I reflected on myself while watching the movie Be nice to your parents
6,I couldn't concentrate because I played the student with the faces of the middle-aged men.
1,The rating manipulation is too bad.T
6,It's just...It's kind of fun
5,It's just a romantic way of showing the losers...
1,a low-quality movie
2,A movie that doesn't have to make such a fuss.
1,It's really childish jjamppong. High school students follow this kind of movie.
6,Exactly six points!
1,I wish the main character was not Hwang Jung-eum. That's the tongue twister.
1,Don't watch anyone who is above the intellectual level of middle school students;;; sigh;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; This is also a movie;;;;;;;;
1,It's not that
1,a glorified gangster movie that bullies ordinary students
5,I tried to contain too much.
2,It's just...It's not fun at all right
1,Childish. Casting is ridiculous. A high school student in his 40s with a bald head?
4,The obvious high school troublemaker story.
1,Is it another violent movie at the academy? I'm sick and tired of it.
1,All OOs are talking about their high school days. Things like breadshuttle Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
6,The rating is too high; it was just worth watching
1,All the above ratings are part-time jobs
1,It's not good
6,It's worth seeing.
1,Alba Committee on Normalization of Low-Level Points
1,What kind of reins are they? It's a movie.
6,The movie has the power to attract people. I didn't really want to go back to my school days. Watching a movie... Should I call this a memory?
6,It's a movie where you laugh excitedly and then cry
6,Does it make sense to have such a high GPA? What?
1,What movie is this? It's about an actor's life as a nerd
4,The rating is too high. NAVER's rating is a mess. Just a gangster movie
1,I'm going to give you a star!
5,The Adventures of the Foolers
5,Nonsense and unrealistic
1,Isn't this a fishing movie like Clementine? Why is the rating so high? It's such a trash movie
6,A violent movie with no fighting scenes. The story of high school life from the perspective of a nerd.
1,Self-painting of a successful arch...
6,What the hell are you trying to tell me?And if I can get into college after studying for a year
5,There's no fighting scene I expected.The theme is vague as if the story of the fist in the school is not the love of the family
1,It's okay
1,Why is it 9 points?
1,I guess the ratings are high and the levels are low
6,I don't like the way high schoolers play. But the second half was good
1,I think the rating is too high. It feels like I'm tricked
1,It's a movie that I turned off because I got upset while watching it!  Why is the rating so high?
1,How dare you try to go beyond Clementine?We need to investigate the ID theft
6,Look at this
1,Why is the rating like this?
1,I'm speechless. I totally glorified my school life as a bully.
1,This crazy rating... You have to lower it
3,There are crazy movies like this.
6,It's just worth watching
6,It was funny because the main character was a loser.
3,I can't believe how such a movie goes beyond the nine-point mark.
1,People who like this movie show themselves that they are low-class.  One point is a waste.
1,No matter how well you wrap it...A movie that glorifies a bully after all.
1,Busan Netizens who cheer for these low-quality movies are embarrassed like movie lines'
5,Why is the rating so high? It's weird...It's so boring...But the smoke is opening up.
5,I don't feel the same way because I go to school in a good neighborhood
1,Did you use your part-time job?Or is this the only level of audience in Korea?That's too bad
1,Raising Korean movie ratings?The people of Gyeongnam agree?I don't understand why it's rated higher than many masterpieces
1,There's no content. Living like a gangster at a school and graduating? I don't know if you're talking about.
1,Why isn't there a story about the 8th school district?
3,Not a trick with such a high rating. I was bored the whole time. The lingering emotions at the end
6,Busan. High school diary.
1,It's just a gangster movie. It's an incendiary movie of middle and high school
1,A movie that I don't remember much.
1,It's a bit of foam
1,What was I trying to say?
4,...I'll just do it's just
6,It was so much fun to relate to the story and the facial expressions
1,The rating is amazing
5,Why is this movie rated so high? LOL I was completely fooled
6,a movie of one's own interest
1,I'm sure the gangsters will like it
1,I don't really...
1,This is ridiculous. You made this into a movie.Oh my god
1,Are you kidding me?
4,A movie that's similar...
6,Jungwoo's tears. Great acting.
1,I've never seen such a sleepy movie. Acting like Hwang Jung-eum! You stole my precious 120 minutes!
1,I'm just trying to look cool.a movie that ends
3,The movie ended after just trying to look cool.It's a disaster if you expect Crowds Zero 2.
5,Just that kind of movie
3,Diaries are sometimes more beautiful when reflecting on themselves.
5,Why is it so popular? ;;;;
1,an excessive rating
1,Out of the blue with a bully story
5,Well made
1,I've been living there for 36 years.Was there a school like this in Busan?
6,plainness and mediocrity
2,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9... It's just a normal story. It's not enough
1,a shoddy constructionIt's a monologue. Bad acting.
1,It's not a nine-point movie;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
1,I see all kinds of funny movies in my life.
1,It's a third-rate movie that glorifies gangsters
1,Phew
1,It was true that I had a part-time job. I never...
5,That was good. My score was 8 points. The NAVER score is too high
1,I'm sorry. I'm so childish and sleepy.
1,It's a movie that would be fun to watch in middle and high school. Not more than that
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,A simple academy action movie that is a zero-artistic movie that will appeal to teenagers
1,9.28Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Content... Disappointed when you look forward to it...
1,This is just trash. I'll give you 1 point to reduce the number of people who will regret it after reading it's just like me
6,Hm... It's unfair if you haven't played that much. It reminds me of the old days
6,It feels like I saw a fun academy cartoon. It's a good one.
1,I heard it's not fun
1,It's too high
1,I enjoyed it. But 9.3 is too much
1,I don't understand anyone who thinks it's funny.
1,Stop it...j) I'm not going to do it
6,Reality shows are the best...There's no dramatic element.I'm getting relaxed.
2,That movie was not fun. I watched "Inception" and it was a waste of time.
1,It's hard to get into character due to music director or directing problems.It's not like a Korean traditional music video.
3,It's childish
6,a heart-to-heart story
5,It's like watching TV Documentary Human Theater.
1,a movie that annoys me all the time
5,Only dialect is friendly and there is no touching or lesson.
1,It's a waste of time.
1,Does it make sense that this movie is higher than Clementine?
5,It was better than I expected. I'm a little tired in the back.
6,This isn't a nine-point movie. But it's pretty fun
1,I don't understand why the rating is 9 when you squeeze your clumsy impression out of a dry towel
1,I can't relate to the story at all. I'm not from Gyeongsang Province. He's so pretentious
1,All the part-timers are here. A huge fabrication incident in Naver's rating history
1,What's the reason this movie has a rating of more than 9?
1,What the hell is this movie about?
1,You're a movie about a bunch of bullies coming out there
1,a third-rate gangster film
6,I'm sorry. I don't understand the movie. I guess my level is up to here crying
1,Whoo!
1,I was tricked by the rating.Exactly 7 movies...There are many movies like this!
1,Typical movie of a gang leader. It was funny because it was so true.
1,scoundrels
1,What on earth would students learn if they watched this?
6,Memories of a bully
1,You're born in Busan in 1980 and you're playing with movies
1,What? It's not fun
1,I can't believe this drama is in the top 20! Amazing! 7 points is just right
1,Are you kidding? You're friends with growth movies. ONCE-uponce...A movie that can't even keep up with the soles of your feet
1,It's a movie that middle and high school students would like LOL
1,I think middle and high school students gave me a lot of ratings.It's a drama-like movie.
6,A heart that's too bloated to digest the emotions of course
1,What? I was wondering if all the boys' high schools were like that.I feel sorry for you
1,I wonder if everyone spent their school days like that... Why do you all agree?7 points. Go
1,This is fun? LOL I can't believe it
1,The story unfolds. The last awkwardness of the boring first-person perspective. This is 9 points?
1,The rating is too high;; the story or visual beauty is not good compared to the movie friend;;7 points is appropriate
1,I don't know why they give me 10 points for this crap movie. It's not fun at all
1,Is it part-time job for those who give 10 points? The worst trash movie in my life
1,I don't like it.
1,I'll regret watching the movie
3,Well ..
1,The rating is too much
2,I don't know
1,7 points is the right time
1,The reason why I give 1 point is the same as the reason why people give 10 points without thinking. [7.5 points]
1,He's so calm. I saw him.Totally disappointed. Really boring.What's wrong with the story?It doesn't fit me
6,Why is the rating so high? It's much better than a dung fly
1,I don't like it
1,It's not fun for a woman to see.I think it'll be fun for men to feel nostalgic.
5,I'm giving you a good rating. No way.
3,It didn't feel funny in the beginning. I didn't see it. Would it have been fun if I watched it until the end?
1,(Sounds like
1,Why do you give me 10 points?
1,The movie that encourages the kids to fight. The kids who watch this get beaten or beaten at school
1,Why is this so touching?
1,I don't like it either. The story is boring.I can't say it's touching.
1,The level of Korean people is really low. How is this rated at 9.28?
1,It's too obvious
4,It's so realistic that I think I have a high rating
4,vanish with the wind It's like a parody. Not really
4,3 stars because of the music. I really wanted to turn it off if I could turn it off. It's so loud.
1,I think the rating is a bit high
6,I look back on the memories
1,It's not that
1,You can't beat Clementine.
1,You can't beat Clementine.
1,Let's lower the rating. This isn't right
6,I want you to show the students and make them study.
1,a trash movie
1,What a waste of time. There are too many part-timers
1,What is this garbage?
1,I don't think this is right. I think 7 points is enough
3,It's boring and childish
6,I'm disappointed if you want a movie like a friend
6,You can't do that
1,The story of this movie is a total disaster. There's only one reason why my grades are high. I think it's just a fact that I'
1,I think the rating is too high
1,That's an unacceptable rating.7 points is appropriate
2,I miss going to Hanyang Technical High School at night. Eight points.
1,I thought you were watching a fantasy movie
1,It's a bit of a downer
1,Fun and touching...
1,Why isn't it a hit?
1,It was worth seeing. I think the six-point range is good. Foreign high teen movies are much more fun.
1,It's not 9 points. Five points are appropriate.
1,Is this a masterpiece?
1,Why is the rating so high?I don't like it
4,It is a pity that the story is not flexible.
1,The expert ratings below are correct....Five points
1,Is it a rating game?
1,It's not enough to be a masterpiece.
4,What kind of high school student is this? A gangster... And a blatant forced emotion... It wasn't good
1,It's too high
2,It's a movie that makes my friend and father jjamppong
5,It's like a five-star movie
1,The movie "Wind" sounds like a real bummer
6,It's a reality show movie of old high school students.
1,It's just a story of bad guys.
1,Number one
3,Don't flatter me that it's our movie. A movie that goes way off the mark.
1,How can it have such a high score? Are you kidding me?
1,That's 9 points. That's too much
4,It makes me angry and angry with excessive background music.
5,It's just
1,What the hell is this ridiculous rating... Did you really watch the movie?
1,Are you filming a short drama? Why would a father who wasn't so important die?
1,I can't believe this kind of trash is in the 9-point range. The top of the rambling movie is nothing left
1,This movie has a rating of 9.2. It's not a movie. It's not a movie. It's a movie with a rating of 5.0 b. It's
1,I'm tired of NAVER's part-time job evaluation. Let me cut it
6,Just the right rating...
1,They say it's not 10 points. I agree. It's worth watching a movie. What's wrong with you?
1,That doesn't mean 10 points.
6,It's fun. It reminds me of my high school days.
1,It's better than any other gangster movie.
3,It's worth watching
1,It's fun...
5,It's worth sympathizing with people these days.
1,What is this? Is this a movie?
1,What is this?
1,Don't be fooled. This kind of movie also solve the rating part time job.
6,Copying a friend? The rating is too high. It's distracting
1,My part-timers are awesome
1,This makes school violence worse.
1,You watched it because I heard Hwang Jung-eum was coming out. I was completely fooled. I'm kiddingTwo scenes are for gatherings?If it's Juyeon.
1,I'm sick and tired of complaining
1,But why is the rating going up so fast? Are you a part-timer?Did your classmate make a cafe?
1,I don't know what's funny. The part-timers are very determined. I don't know the message I'm trying to say
6,I think it's hard to make it like this I'm a... a growth scoundrel
1,The rating is too high
1,The story is weak... It's not funny if it's not funny. I don't think the action is that...
1,I'll make a kida like you and give you points It's crazy. I know how to click it
1,I don't understand. It's so obvious that you're part-timers
1,What a long way to go.Is it just my past school days?
6,It's just plain
1,I have a rating part-time job. Is this a movie? Is this the right score for common sense?
2,The inappropriate BGM bothered me a lot
1,I'm speechless...It's a waste of time
2,I personally didn't like it
4,It was like a fight.Far from being a great fight scene--it was so roughly that I couldn't remember
4,The taste of the bottle is amazing
5,I feel like I'm peeking at the open diary that I want others to read.
6,Family in Growth Pains.
5,Crayon Shin-chan's glorification of a bully is interesting.
1,Isn't the rating too high?
1,The rating is too high!
3,How can this movie have such a high rating. It's worth 3 points
1,I got this OO rating.
1,It's the worst;
2,Just make a movie that the kids like
1,Korean film about Kejiru
1,It is not a movie that I really look forward to watching
6,I was looking forward to it.I just keep talking about school. Why are you talking about your father?
6,I envy you for your immature mental state of mind
6,Although the geographical features are ordinary and realistic.It brings back memories of my school days.Back to that time
1,It's been 10 years since I've riffled. Now you're cheating on your GPA
5,It's a movie where I got to know an actor named Jungwoo. I can't wait to see him
4,Your rating is too high. Significantly lacking impact. It's like falling into a tearful voice at the end
1,What kind of movie is this?
1,What's the rating? I was tricked
1,Heheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh
1,I was fooled by the rating. What the hell is this?
1,I can only sigh...
3,Phew~
6,Expecting a second dung fly but just a flowing development.
2,How can the ratings be so high?
1,It was so boring that I turned it off... Trash
6,It's just
1,It's just a part-time job. It's a movie made in the 50s
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before. I've been tricked
1,I wanted to come out in the middle I think the part-timers fooled me
1,10 points part-time job/ 1 point. Who actually saw it?A movie that failed even after writing a part-time job
1,What a load of rubbish
1,How is this... ...a movie... ...a movie?
1,I won't trust NAVER's rating anymore -_-;
1,I didn't like it at all right?  Too much rating foam.
6,Should I say it's the light version
1,I don't want to waste half a star
1,This star is a waste
1,Go home and get some fresh air
5,The tension runs parallel and repeated directing techniques (time changes in one scene) add to the boredom
6,It's perfect for taking time off
1,It's not fun at all.
1,What is this movie about? It's really pathetic.
6,Just that kind of movie!
1,It's no fun
1,It wasn't good
1,Am I the only one disappointed?Hwang Jung-eum... Oh...
4,Is it correct to write down the movie rating?  I'm really a movie maniac. This is a bit
1,What's this? What's with the movie?
2,A movie that's below the average...
3,Your father's love comes out of nowhere while you're making a wrap That's a wonderful twist.
1,I'm sick of it. Is it not time to stop making third-rate friends in Busan?
6,Jungwoo looked so pretty. But it didn't seem to be enough for the audience.
1,Where would you bring a trash movie and give me 10 points each and watch a real movie?-_-
1,The part-timers are always active at the beginning of the movie. The rating is excellent.
1,Those who give 10 points are really part-timers... It's hard...
5,Kyungnam High School...LOL Isn't this too obvious?
1,It's just like that.
1,Ah... Just kidding...
1,Don't make this kind of movie. What a waste of the screen.
4,I went to the preview today There's no action. It's boring The forced emotion at the end...
1,I'll know when I open the lid.
1,A movie with left-wing junkies. 0 point!
1,Can I have kids shoot a movie like this?Is it legal? I disagree
6,The bathroom scene gave me goosebumps
1,Don't overdo it
5,It's a killing time. Don't forget it
1,the natural reason of the Republic
4,It was like a horror movie where you had to face the truth
6,I want to scold someone. Can I call Gong Yoo and Jo In Seong?
1,LOL It's a movie for girls
1,What are you doing with the babies? Did you have to do the same thing with the little ones?
5,I cried when I saw it. It's shocking. How can you do it so perfectly?
5,It hurts enough to watch a reenactment.
1,Jeolla-do is also...!
5,a provocative and vexing accusation But it only makes me angry
1,I'm afraid it wasn't funny
1,How can a movie not be based on a true story? Movies should have cinematic perfection and fun. A movie full of slogans.
1,It's a rather rich movie with a lot of exaggeration
5,It's just a normal piece of work. Nothing more or less
1,It's not a good movie. I don't know why the rating is so high even though it's not funny.
6,The discomfort elicits anger and empathy. a masterpiece in a social film
1,Gong Ji-young and the double standards of nosy people who are not interested in disabled people see themselves on par with the perpetrator
1,Gong Ji-young is that so?LOL
5,I think people should keep their principles and conscienceI hope that you live the right path like the male and female protagonists in the movie "Dogan."
2,Why do you make a movie like this?Is Gong Jiyoung a person?
5,I think the movie benefited a lot from the material. The movie itself is not very...:
1,A really hot movie. He's angry because of the principal. He's angry because it's not fun
6,I suppose.
1,What is it?
1,Annoying
6,It was a movie that made me feel sick
5,It's a movie that shows why you have to be careful of Jeolla-do. You should be especially careful of Jeolla-do when you live in society.
1,I don't like Gong Jiyoung
1,A commercial film that baits the hottest social issues
1,The end cannot justify the means. Where are the human rights of the children in the movie? To think of children as a means is no different than a criminal. There is also violence shown. It is a case in point that parents who attended the filming site were shocked to see the video of the children shown in the movie
1,What is it?
1,This kind of movie is relentless!!!
1,A commercial film that baits the hottest social issues
1,The end cannot justify the means. Where are the human rights of the children in the movie? Why is everyone looking at one side? This is another obvious crime against child rights. Humans involved in filmmaking are subject to legal punishment. Children who are victims of sexual assault in an 18-gold movie.
1,Sex crimes in elementary school students are popular these days. I think it's a movie that gave birth to copycat crimes.  Sometimes there seems to be evil that should not be disclosed.
1,The rating is too foamy. I lowered it
6,Applause for their efforts to uncover the truth
2,It was boring
1,I'm so mad
1,It's not fun.
1,It's not interesting
5,show a not bad intention
1,A movie based on a true story to make money...
1,Don't skip Japanese movies.
5,I just didn't make a movie
6,Is this a movie or a PD notebook? It's just anger.I'd rather read the original book.
1,a movie that is not like a movie It's a social issue.
1,I don't like social media. If it was on 2580...
1,It's dirty
6,be easy
4,Lack of scenarios for reputation Spend time on top of that
1,That's a mob mentality
3,I don't think it's as good as I thought
1,It wasn't like a movie. I wonder if it's a great movie if it resembles a social issue.
1,Somehow there is a certain person's personality blasphemy element.
1,The fun of a movie is not so good.
1,The book is low
1,...PD Notebook would be better.
5,A revenge killer-training film due to court mistrust
1,I can't believe I paid for this.
5,It's... Why... The ratings...It's kind of uncomfortable.Oh my!
6,I was just heartbroken because it was a true story That's it. I don't know about the movie itself
1,A trashy movie with fiction that distorted facts not by documentaries but by Gong Ji-young's prejudice
6,That's a heartbreaking story
5,This is the problem of Korea.
1,It's too sad. It makes people cry
5,There is a curse on the school corruption. (I'm just sad that I'm 16 years old)
1,It appeals to sympathy to be moved by the episode of PD Notebook. an unbiased directing skills
1,The children's acting is a waste.
6,Broken window effect
5,Tell the truth... It's a very courageous movie.
6,There's a fire.
6,The movie itself is quite uncomfortable
4,I guess I'm emotionally dry
1,The story is about a movie that can't be scored by itself
5,An uncomfortable and frustrating feeling of missing both fun and emotion
1,a delightful film
6,Evaluation by the movie itself
5,It's just a pity...
3,No matter how much you make young people act like that.
3,Exaggerated characters and climaxes are just nematodes. Real anger comes from unabated empathy.
6,I didn't make a good movie. The reality is just sad
1,It's not like the movie's perfection and the society that makes you mad. Give me a good rating
4,the worst consequence of a lawless human rights organization
1,It's a really boring movie.
6,accuse but no sublimation. But there is no sublimation
6,Six points
5,Let me see your back
3,an out-of-the-box political adaptation of excessive commercial production that interferes with the immersion of grieving events
1,There's so much worse on the board than this that it's a commercial movie!
6,It's just one bad thing that happened in my country. It's not 10th on NAVER's total movie ranking!
6,I agree with the issue of the material itself. Gong Yoo's acting transformation seems to be a transition period
1,I can't watch it because I'm so angry.OOs...
1,All the things that I hit are the talents that I should go to hell and be punished by heaven
1,a trash movie that forces viewers to grieve and injustice
6,Your rating is too high. Please don't judge the movie with compassion and anger.
5,I felt the urge to kill for the first time in my life. It's so sad and annoying
1,Why did you make it so sensational? Don't you care about the kids in the movie?
1,It's terrible. I'm so angry at the thought that a true story would have been worse in reality.
6,What are those guys who give 10 points to a movie like this? Real pot grit? Or part-time job? Just watch the movie
4,Pot grit
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,A movie that has no charm other than the fact that it is a social accusation movie.
1,Just angry!
5,It's a real story. It's the best...The fun of the...To where.
5,the film's own rating that excludes the purpose of the film
6,a film that showed too much of the audience's intentions to be angry
6,It's sad and uncomfortable the whole time I watch it.The movie was just...
1,Bittersweet...
1,Worst movie I've ever seen. It is really OOO movie.
6,It's not fun to watch a movie... ...but it's fun to see as a PD notebook...
6,Did I expect too much?
5,But it's a commercial movie. I feel uncomfortable after watching it. ;;
1,That's too much
6,It was directed by a director with a great sense and directing skills.many ways
5,The principal's son was actually Gong Yoo
6,I don't like it
1,I think my horoscope is too high... As a movie...
6,Whoo!
1,The movie itself is about 7 points.Lacking immersion or tension.
6,The reality of unbelievable things being done openly.My heart is on fire
1,The gross exaggeration of the movie that made me feel bad the whole time I watched it.
1,He tried to provoke anger.The movie... The writer's work is so disappointing
1,Isn't the rating too high?
1,Why is this so high?
6,It's a movie that can't get more than 9 points.6 points for public interest
1,Why is this so highly rated?
1,I like the cinematic device for emotional engagement.There were many shortcomings. Anger is not a rating
1,I gave you a point. I was looking forward to it.
5,It's actually boring
3,It breaks my heart.I didn't make it into a movie. It's boring the whole time
1,The reason I'm angry is because...It's really not fun.Really
3,Is it good to make money on this kind of incident? I hope the income will be given to the victims.
1,It's not fun
5,A movie that lacks a lot in terms of film quality
1,I thought it was an EBS documentary
3,Don't watch this movie. I feel like I'm going to kill you because you're so good at acting. I don't like such a bad movie
1,Because you hurt me so much... Since I made it hard...
5,Based on the condition that it's not a real case...That's not funny
1,There's only one thing that's left after you watch it. It's disgusting. Damn it.
1,Is it a sisa documentary or a movie? I went to the movies.
5,It wasn't enough for a movie
5,A true story film of a common emotional appeal. Only the religious message was usable.
3,I was watching and got angry in the middle
4,There's nothing to eat at the famous party.
6,I liked the story and the story because it was a true story. The movie itself was not interesting. It's just that I feel uncomfortable after watching it.
1,It's a horror movie. It's not fun
6,I thought I was going to Yamada
6,Was my expectation too high? It didn't hit home as much as I thought.
6,I can't believe this movie is rated 9.40. I should give you six points.
5,Boiling fast is how to cool fast.I'm already scared to think that this case will be like that
1,The part where I tried to force myself to open up Christianity to the public is the level.
1,a bubble of sympathy ratings
4,A woman who works at a restaurant touches her upper body.It's too much. I have human rights.
6,I will evaluate the movie itself calmly. It's a six-point movie.
1,I don't know why this has a high rating. It's just a Korean movie with an obvious story
5,A movie that can only come out in Korea...
6,10 points for making me angry after watching a movie. 6 points for making me mad.
6,Other than trying to reach a consensus through movies...
6,Objective movie perfection is poor. My score is
5,Since when movies have been rated as a hot topic.
1,No comment
4,I don't really like movies
1,The fun of the movie itself has dropped considerably
5,There's no tension at all. It's 60 minutes and 2 episodes
6,I've been waiting for the movie to end since the middle of the day.It was too predictable.
4,Fun as a movie...
1,What are you doing if you give me 10 points?
6,The children acting as disabilities showed that they grew up so beautifully that it was difficult to empathize
1,Making money out of this because I can't find a material to make money with. The same goes for "kids."
1,a film masquerading as a social accusation
4,There's really no content...All four of us came out in the middle
1,I think the public opinion is going crazy
1,I think it's better to just do it as a TV documentary
1,Is this a movie that's going to be this big?
1,I don't know...I don't think it's a good movie
1,I wanted to see a real event as a movie. But there's two PD notebooks on the screen...
6,A movie that reminded Changdong of his greatness
1,That's obvious
2,I've been tricked. Nothing special
6,It's like kimchi men
6,Am I too used to it?
6,I didn't watch it for fun
1,Now that you're saying that it's fiction and it'It's the same as the movie.
1,The movie version of PD Notebook...It was on the news and PD Notebook.Why are you interested in that now?
6,It's so emotional.
5,The child molestation scene is too stark. There is room for controversy
5,A movie that would have suffered a crushing defeat if it weren't for a true story. a movie that hit the box office because it was a true story
1,Why is the rating so high? People who are swayed by the media
1,1 point to lower the rating. Social issues should be treated as issues and movies as movies.
1,The rating is too high for me personally. The emergency dispatch sos must have a very high rating of 9.99
1,It's so depressing
1,There's nothing to see except based on a true story. It's a story development
6,That's realistic.
1,It looks like a pot to me.
6,It's just like watching a drama-related incident program.
2,I shouldn't have seen it.I hate Korea when I see this kind of thing. Justice doesn't exist in Korea
6,I was fooled by NAVER's rating. It's good in terms of film.
1,Below my expectations... I thought I was going to die of boredom
1,There's so much more brutal going on right now than this.
1,Just boredom...When will it end? I'll just look at the time.
3,I felt dirty the whole time I watched it I don't know why I have to pay to watch a movie like this
1,It's a trash movie that doesn't seem like a waste movie
1,I don't know.I'm just depressed
1,It's a shame that I can't give you zero points
6,an outspoken speech to draw out anger
1,"Thriller" is just the joy of "Snow"
1,Watch "Unanswered Questions" every week This is nothing
6,It's a little exaggerated.
1,We need to re-investigate the mass sexual assault of a bizarre Miryang middle school girl involving more than 100 people are involved
5,The movie itself is not interesting. I think it's more than 9 points with the rage of true stories added.
1,It's an obvious story ~ It's not that fun. It's boring...
1,Authenticity is gone and sensationalism is left. Agro has 10 points. I'm not sure about the quality...
6,It evokes emotions that humans should kill.
1,It's not funny
1,You and your sister look... crying
1,I felt the need to adjust the rating when I saw that it was ranked first in history by riding on the strength of the pot.
1,The rating is higher than some Dark Knight
5,It's a great movie for bringing about social issues. I hope it doesn't just end as an issue.
1,Everyone's not good enough. People can't judge people. Let's forgive...
1,That's not good.
6,It's 6 points
1,It's a third-rate movie.
3,A movie that is so dull compared to what the press is showing; let's rate it correctly
5,Pain that can only be felt if you poke it directly with an awl.
1,I read "Logical Horse King"... I changed my mind.
5,Aren't you abusing your status as a socially disadvantaged person to make the perpetrator even more exaggerated?
1,Sexual assault. What are you doing?
1,Gong Jiyoung made money. Many people carry crucible in the subway
1,Not really
1,not much
1,a triumph of fiction and directing under the guise of a true story Feel heavy.
1,I'm angry at the public who can think only by looking at what they show.
1,An unthinkable film about the mental pain victims will suffer from this film.
1,Have you ever thought about the suffering of victims who couldn't get out of their mental distress?
1,You always give me 10 points
1,I don't know why this is in the 9-point range. A movie that only raises a forced sense of anger and has nothing but that
1,The winning part-timer with stars...
1,Why do you watch this kind of movie like this? You want to see the actual events? They're really human beings
1,I guess you rigged this crap movie with such a high rating
1,It's a waste of money. Don't watch third-rate movies.
1,an angry movie
2,I hope producers and actors will do a lot of good things if they make a lot of money.
6,Use too much of a scene to create a play time
1,The movie ends in a weird way
1,an irritating man who watchesIt's so realistic.But it's a reality that you can't swear.
1,What's this? A movie that doesn't have a solution
6,I think it was a movie that was more annoying and frustrating than sad and sleeping.
6,The movie itself was boring and nothing special. marketing that emphasizes true stories and leads to anger
1,Gong Ji-young
1,8 points is appropriate
6,It's a very stimulating subject. It's interesting. It's not like a movie
1,I'm cutting the score because I don't like left-handed Gong Ji-young.
1,You've solved a lot of part-timers
1,I'm going to make her angry. The conclusion is... And I think this should be non-fiction
1,The conclusion is unfortunate
2,I think the people below are overreacting.Not such a good movie.
1,It's always the PD Notebook.Just look at the book; it's too commercial and the composition is not as good as the book
1,Part-time job
1,a provocatively distorted and adapted film
2,It's not funny. It's like a documentary.
1,And then
6,a film that is generally lacking
1,It's just a broadcast... zero cinematic beauty.
2,A movie that really stimulates Koreans' pot grit
5,The fact is that it's a movie. But the movie is a bit... Very sloppy.
5,I totally agree with the logical king. I don't know It's just that I feel dirty. I
1,It makes me angry when I can't help but get angry
4,People who are good to people with disabilities and pretend to be heartbroken
1,No need to be angry. That's the way it is in that area. You just have to be careful of Jeolla-do people in your life.
6,Korea's sad reality that only rich people can buy
1,Let's start a reinvestigation and clear the children's grudges!!!
6,The reality of our country is riding like this... I'm sad.
1,It just went away.I want you to move on to fiction.
1,an unattractive movie.It's very subjective.I'm just so angry.
1,Zero authenticity...Indecisiveness between fiction and fact...And boredom.
1,Ah..I should have seen it because I wanted to know but it was not fun to watch the movie with money
1,It should be on "I Want to Know"...The commercial one is...
2,The rating is too high
1,It needs to have a similar rating to the True Mat Show
1,It's really boring.
4,I honestly don't think the movie is attractive in itself
1,Everyone's got emotional reviews
1,Just a movie running for the worst
1,I don't like it
1,Korean movies = Best = Foreign imports don't make sense
1,What we need to pay attention to here is expert ratings LOL
1,The sighs and anger that I've been watching...It's definitely fun But the rating is too high
1,It's not fun
6,My brother who watched it with me dozed off and I felt like I was watching the incident 25II
6,A movie where I can feel the anger of the sexual assault.The detailed description of the child sexual assault scene feels unpleasant
1,a video that embodies social problems with money rubbish
2,Gong Ji-young's adaptation uses emotions well.
5,Koreans felt that it was a really emotional pot. I can't believe this kind of movie is 9.5...
6,I hope this movie will change the sad reality of our country.
1,It's a scary movie where you can be a principal if you give a low rating. It's mad cow disease 2nd LOL
5,I'm scared of this society where money works.But the movie is a bit long.I think it'll be about 30 minutes
5,A movie that shouldn't come out again.This kind of true story can be eliminated.
1,I came out of disgust while watching a movie that was made to imitate a detailed description of a sexual violence scene.
1,I didn't know it was this trash movie. It's 1 point because there's no zero point.
1,The people who made this movie will get in trouble
5,It is an actual incident that happened at Gwangju Inhwa School. Oh
2,It feels like it's stretching from the middle due to the fast development in the beginning and there's no twist.
1,It's a dirty thing that could happen in Jeolla-do. Take it out
1,It's like your anti-social mind has grown
2,an uncomfortable truth
3,I think it's a dirty world where money is too much and money is too far away
5,At first sight. It's dirty.I feel uncomfortable. The end. As expected.Social irregularities. The powerless can't change it.
2,Park Young-sun and Park Won-soon... This is Seoul mayor candidate. Pyongyang mayor candidate. I can't tell
1,The content was disgusting. Especially the scene where the principal is looking at the bathroom.
1,I don't know why this movie was made. I think it was just to incite our anger.
1,What makes you angry when you watch it? Don't watch it. It's not fun
1,live off the markIt's the first time. What do you mean it'sAre you kidding me?
1,That's not funny enough. I'm bored. Why is the rating high?
1,It's a waste of money. How did you make such a third-rate movie?
1,I don't like the perpetrator because he's a twin.
1,This rating is dedicated to the board of directors
1,I hated myself for not being able to do anything. I hated the crap that I could and didn't do.
1,It's not that fun. There are a lot of part-timers
1,a loner who interrupted the rave of praise
5,There are so many psychos...
1,It's eye-popping
3,It's just something I want to know; I'm disappointed
1,It's just... it's amazing that it's a true story.an ordinary movie whose content is predictable
5,The director's directing skills that ruined good material
2,Look at the stars and you're in trouble. It's really... it's just really calm
1,a movie that makes you annoyed
1,It's just a movie that makes people feel bad. Why do you make this movie?
4,Roh Moo HyunNo wonder this happened during the regime.
1,It's so fake
1,It's not like I'm giving you 10 points
1,I don't think it's such a high rating for just one material called "Biripa Hechigi." They're the ones to kill
1,I agree with you
1,Smells like a part-timer
1,A movie with seven points. This kind of movie is bound to get a higher rating. He even read a book.
1,The story isn't good either. It's just a complaint... I'll give you 7 points
4,Applause for the children's acting
1,The score is this high after putting in a few provocative scenes
1,I think the rating is too exaggerated. I'll give you 1 point to lower it a little bit.
5,It's disappointing to see it through. This theory is not enough to soothe children's pain
1,It looks like a lot of fun!
6,The grim reality and the movie that deals with it are the same but different. A movie that leaves regrets
5,It's kind of uncomfortable
1,It's really unpleasant and grossly boring
1,The original work of Gong Ji-young is such a waste. The movie is too short for the book
5,How can you save a book like this?
1,A movie that had a lot of unfortunate content but breathed out another sting of prejudice and hatred
1,by mistake
1,I knew you'd be Jeolla-do saki. 5.18 is a riot. Oh my god
1,What is the fun of movies?
1,Do not copy
5,I'm not touched. It's not funny. There's no thrill. There's no conclusion. There's no laughter.
1,Make it well
6,Annoying... I feel so sorry for you. The true story is OOO in our country...
1,The dog OOO.LOL
5,Movies put emotions first.
2,It is also an ability to produce an excellent original in such a sloppy way.
1,The people who wrote it after watching it didn't even release it. How did you like it?I don't understand. Is it a part-time job before the release?
6,Shouldn't we distinguish between the good content in the movie and the good movie?be half-looking
1,What a waste of time.
4,Do I have to fall?
3,The voice actors' voices feel like they're playing separately.
6,The villains are getting bland.
6,I don't like the characters around me.
6,I think the content was a little worse than the first and second episodes. But the Toothless babies were cute.
2,It's just for my eyes. I'm not that good
6,It's not as good as the previous one
1,It's the worst part of the Dragon Taming series
6,an unexpected happy parting It was a good time.
6,It was more fun than I thought
2,It's a movie for kids. It's for elementary school kids
6,The kids love it
6,The kids enjoyed it
6,It was like watching Lion King. It wasn't as good as I thought
1,You're one for the rest of the next.
3,The round dragon looks perfect for kids I turned it off after 10 minutes
6,It's time for you to grow up.I know it's a responsibility.
1,The movie's favorite group is a woman in her 20s.
6,I watched all the movies in the series...It's not as good as I thought. ^^
1,It's good to be apart. It's good to be apart.
1,You'll corrupt the house.
2,A movie about disabled people riding handicapped animals. the township of the disabled
2,785674576356 was the most fun I've ever seen~~368
6,They said it was fun
2,Pretty dragons and the crystal of a distracting story.
6,I'm not giving up on you. We're friends
6,My son liked it because it was so touching when I released the dragon at the end^^
5,I watched it with my daughter and she said it was boring^^
6,...the kid was bored
6,It's boring. The last part is fun^^
6,The movie I watched with my family after a long time was fun.
1,I don't know why I saw this.I don't want to waste even one
3,I guess it was a movie that was hard for an eight-year-old boy to relate to.
6,I enjoyed watching it   It wasn't boring
6,It's not Jijeon Jam. It's just
1,It's fun not to watch the first episode.
6,I watched both episodes. The last one is fun tooI had a great time with the kids~~^^
5,My son said he enjoyed it
6,So so. I'm just saying that. It's just so-so
6,A sequel that reminds me of "Leave when you clap."
1,It's a movie about mating a winged salamander
1,It's so boring.Let's not be fooled by the part-time job.
5,A movie that would have been better if it ended in the second episode
5,Are you kidding me? There's only dubbing and not a lot of humerus?
6,She enjoyed watching it with her daughter's friend
2,This is the last thing I'm going to do for people who like this episode.
6,The video was beautiful and the content was like a preview
1,One of the movies that I'm sleepy the whole time I watch and I'll never pay for
6,It's the growth period of taming dragons
6,I enjoyed watching it with (G)I-DLEHahaha
3,Maybe it's because I'm in the style of supporting the theme in structure The movie is about women being the best plot device. I'm sorry I opened the commercial Femi This author doesn't try at all. I got goosebumps at the ending where he openly favors his son. It's a great movie for my daughters.
5,It's worth watching. I think it's worth watching
1,It's a movie that I won't watch even if I give you 1 million won
4,Mr. Ha! I can't believe my part-timer beat me.You should've finished with the first episode
6,It's like I'm back to my childhood
2,Just play it at a kindergarten or a daycare center. I don't know what you're doing. I can't believe this is eating the theater
6,That wasn't very interesting...
6,Night Fury and Light Fury fell in love for a long time
1,I almost fell asleep at 4dx...
6,It's good for time killing.
6,It's a shame that the villain is too flat. Where does the force go when the dragon falls with one crossbow and gets ugly throughout the movie?
1,It's not fun. He always saves me. anime for children
6,a long shot.
1,I think I've gone too far
6,Please make "How to Train Your Dragon" 5 Please...
6,I guess it's because I didn't watch 1 and 2
2,It's perfect for the kids So-so.
6,I watched it with a 6-year-old boy but I couldn't watch it until the end because I was scared. I'm so sad.@ But maybe it's because I was watching the first one and then the third one. I was a little bored.
6,We watched it together as a vacation gift
6,It's just an animation for kids animation for kids
6,The probability of the story is...
2,My mom in her 40s and dad in their 40s watched it together All three of them were grossly boring
2,Never watch a movie you don't want to see again that you can't even give a star.
6,Medium. Recommended by Annie Underdog in Korea
4,Dubbed is the worst because of Hiccup. I can't concentrate at all
1,A movie that allowed us to know if a movie theater is such a good place to sleep.
2,I was really not funny.The kids at the theater want to go home.I was bored. Cabot was more immersed and liked the kids better.
6,It was nice to watch when I was bored. I dozed off in the middle
6,I didn't do as well as the previous one
4,I guess it's because I didn't watch the second episode. I fell asleep
2,It's not fun. I slept. See you at home
6,There's nothing left
6,A story that's a bit disappointing?
2,He made the Dragon World View well and put it all in the 3rd episode. The setting and emotional line accumulated in Part 1 and Part 2 collapsed. I guess the producers didn't want to make the next episode. When will it be fun? Watching it with no expression.
6,It was a bit childish for an adult
6,Let's keep the manners of a family with children.I couldn't concentrate on the kick in the back. The movie was worth watching~~
6,The climax is a bit boring
4,It's a relief that I woke up at the end of my sleep
5,This one is so boring
6,It's fun. It's fun
6,It's boring to watch a movie that's only good for kids
2,Too much. 7.5 Moderate reality review
2,Not really. Not really.  It wasn't as fun as I expected.
2,I went to see my nephew. Neither I nor my wife. The two sons of the first and second year of high school also slept. Don't be fooled by the part-timers
6,I was a little disappointed because it was the last episode and I was trying to force myself to finish it. It would've been nice if I could express Hidden World more
6,A simple story. a very boring element of the day
6,The impressions of "How to Train Your Dragon" and the message he sent us are nowhere to be found.
6,Don't look forward to it too much.
6,I could feel the disappointment of the second episode.T
1,It's not fun to chew
6,manageable to spend time
1,Why does it smell like Michael Bay when I watch DreamWorks animation?
6,I just left it because I was watching it with my family
6,It was not a waste of money. 1 The funniest guy ever
6,My 7-year-old son's house watched the 1.2. and the 3rd one was bored to death
6,Don't expect probability.
4,It's worth watching. Dinosaurs are cute
6,They don't like it.
1,For rating adjustment. Part one was the best. I think it's in the mid-eight
6,I won't recommend any good graphics stories
2,They're so playful. This is Moni
4,It's a little boring. It's a little touching.
6,Is it okay for children to see?
2,It's just boring Is the dubbing wrong?
1,It's not fun even if you look at it in 4dx. Not for adults.
4,Everything doesn't work if you tame it
2,Even an adult can't understand the storyThe events all happen by accident. Disney seems to care about feminism as much as children see it.Toothless's girlfriend is a weak woman who has to save her when she is in crisis.women who do not age I don't want to show my daughter
2,Why am I not funny? Just a movie where the dragon looks for a partner?
6,I felt like I was losing my energy at the end
6,Isn't it "Tortilla" in the middle?
1,It's the worst animation I've ever! It's not funny and funny. It's a forced joke. The story unfolds in a bland way. It comes out just by looking at the graphics
4,It's disappointing because it's not fun.
6,a crude and cliche process towards a beautiful ending
4,It's not as fun as I expected
1,Phew. Children's animation.
4,I'm disappointed. What a bummer
2,You're not funny.
4,It's easyah ah
6,I slept. Kids will have fun later
2,I don't like it. It's messy and messy
2,I'm disappointed. Making a sequel that's as big as the first one is a star in the sky. I should change the title of the third episode to "Pets Mating"
1,It's always coexisting. It's out of the blue in the third episode
5,It's kind of weird to say it's fun or notBut the ending was the best
1,Why are you giving a spoiler on your GPA? You're so mad. You should reflect on yourself. You're so mad. Why do you end up with that? Don't you have a concept?
1,The kids won't like it either. Kids' eyes are high.
6,I've never seen a villain weak. The ending part also feels like the story is missing.
6,I've never seen a villain weak. The ending part also feels like the story is missing.
1,What's with this crap camera technique in the action scene? Are you kidding me? Story? You're saying something!What a waste of time!
5,The New Horizons of Intelligence
1,7 points? 8 points? I guess the main series doesn't suit me
2,Korean movies are the best when you watch them on MTV
3,I thought it was the latest movie.
4,It's not fun... Let's open it
4,That's not good. It's okay
5,Action movies that were common in the 20th century.
6,Stay away from the screen and watch from behind. I feel dizzy and tired when I look at the camera from the front.
1,U.S. imperialism out today.I think I'd like to see him
1,The Met Damon action is also very bad. You'd better focus on your character.
1,Did you make this a movie? Look at the suspect. He's got a toe-tooth-level
1,The previous one is so much fun
1,It wasn't fun. The previous one was so good
1,The score was too much
1,below expectations
1,This series is not my style
1,below expectations
1,bye bye
3,The CIA executive's office is clearly visible from the building across the street. That's patheticIt's pathetic
1,I don't think it's this bad
6,The best movie is a movie that I want to watch over and over again. This series does not.
4,a self-replication of a book or two Still cramming. Complement poor scenarios with camera work and cuts.
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,The action scene is over. It's boring. Why did I watch this? The rating is too high. 6 points
2,The ending is too lame for the final installment of the Bourne identity search series
2,He volunteered to kill someone and then asked me why I did this after I lost my memory
2,One was enough to watch Bourne's solo exhibition...
6,I've been tricked by the rating...It's not as fun as the average score
6,a sequel to a movie that does as much as one can
6,I'm not bored at all for nearly two hours.
1,It's a totally unrealistic story and camera work that's going crazy to hide it
1,I can't believe this kind of movie has 9 points. 8 points is enough
1,It feels like we're overdoing it with a story that doesn't work. It's just an action movie. There's no story.
2,I've never seen such an uncomfortable movie since "I Can't Go Back"
1,The worst movie ever.
1,I can't believe such a crappy low-key is in the 9th grade. It's the same story as the previous one
1,Bourne's Find Identity series is over. The ending is really lame.
6,I like Supremacy more. I think 9.2 is too much
3,9.2 is too much.
1,Why is it 9 points?
6,I'm a little sleepy...Maybe it's because I'm tired.I'll have to go back
5,The action wasn't as good as I expected. The heroine's beauty was also inferior to other action movies.
6,Not much better than other good films except that they have good action for Western movies.
5,The chase scene is a bit thrilling and the rest is empty... ...boring...
1,Is this a pea pod for people-- I was so sleepy
1,Why is it so boring -- I've been tricked by your rating by shaking the camera so hard
6,I don't like this
5,Is everyone's taste different? I dozed off while watching -_-;
1,It's the first time I've slept in a movie. I thought my eyes were rotting because the background was shaking like a post
6,I like Die Hard better!
6,Ultimate is enough for this series.
5,It's the worst series I've ever seen. Why is the rating so high? It's not funny
5,be not interested in anything
1,I fell asleep three times while watching. Don't be fooled by the ratings
3,The screen was so fast and shaky that it was hard to see
4,a hundred of the Bonn Or loach.
6,If you thought this movie was the best. He's just a well frog.
6,It's higher than the 1st and 2nd ones I enjoyed it more
1,not much
1,It's not fun
1,It's not a good movie for me
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
1,I don't know why people find the series interesting.
1,It wasn't as good as I thought
1,Good
6,From there to there...K
4,It's not that different It's really... It's
1,OOO flag
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It's not that...
4,I guess I've rated this series mania only. This isn't a nine-point score.
6,I can't watch it because I feel dizzy.
1,Is this fun? It's a waste of one point
1,Is it because I'm really looking forward to it?K
4,I shouldn't have picked number 3
1,Let's stop the main series
5,The obvious story and the obvious action scene are boring.
6,Why is this the best?
2,It's a movie that hurts my eyes because of the camera that keeps shaking.
1,The main character is not that's not it
1,It's a relief that the series is over
1,Because it's not fun
5,Was it because there were no Korean subtitles?
1,I just wanted to do this.
6,Can I say that I'm a person? Wouldn't it be possible because it's a movie?
1,I watched and slept
1,I just slept while watching...
3,It was boring
6,a peaking actionBut the last thing I can't agree with.Is it round 4 fishing?
3,I'm disappointed that there's little change in the story
1,It's an obvious story
1,I'm generous. 1 point
5,I don't like it
1,The content of the movie is crazy
5,It's not funny
4,I fell asleep while watching it
1,It's not funny
1,That's too much. Don't make this series anymore. I'm tired of it
5,What's interesting about this?But I hope it was worth watching...Was it not fun because I was a HUE girl?
5,Is it a movie with such a high rating?
1,I don't understand people who say it's funny.
6,Please make the fourth one too!
1,Totally boring
2,I saw it as a school picnic.It's not a theater...At the inn... All sleeping...2 points for 5 minutes
6,It is much more fun to see Lee Yeon-gul's Jungmu Moon.Don't look forward to it
5,There must be a lot of people who watch this movie and buy motorcycles and copy fashion
4,I met my friends
5,The story is boring and boring.I only saw Matt Damon.Matt Damon is still handsome
1,Why do you delete my post? It's like this movie
6,A high expectation is a high disappointment.
5,an obvious storyline similar to the previous one;;;
1,?? I watched it because the ratings were so good. Is it fun?
1,Rubbish. It's a third-rate action movie to be honest.See for yourself--
5,Is it another die hard?  How many episodes will it be?
1,Why is everyone saying it's fun? I slept. I'm not kidding. I really slept
5,One on one fight is the best
1,Matt Damon's poo pose is...
1,I laughed a lot because I didn't know what to say
4,I feel like I've seen this before. a tense sit-down Let's not believe in ratings
1,It's not funny.a trash movie
6,It's so boring
1,I don't really...
1,That's not fun.
1,I don't like you either. Go back
1,This movie looks fun because all the movies that were released are not fun.It's just loud
3,Only the screen is messy.It could've been a good action.TZUYU
6,Surprised by the rating. I was so bored - the story is just a flashy screen lol
5,Nervous and loud... I don't like this kind of action
5,It's too much. I'm better than a movie in the theater.--it's sloppy
1,I slept
4,I dozed off and woke up at the sound of a gun--
5,I was embarrassed because I yawned;;
1,Let's not be fooled by maniacs. 007 was much more fun Look at 007
6,I'm comparing this to a dog wolf. I liked the American cheeky finish
1,It is my first time to sleep while watching OOO movie.
1,People who say this is funny are weird. It's really just following the example.
6,Why am I not funny? Because I didn't watch episode 1.2-_T
2,I dozed off at the theater for the first time today.
2,What's the strategy name of Blackbrien?
3,What's funny?
5,I don't want the content to unfold. ;; Action?Action from where? This?Sungryong is making me laugh
1,It's an art movie
1,Is this a real movie?
1,Why are there so many part-timers these days?
1,Pfft! I'm watching a movie with 10 points for this crap
1,It's just loud from start to finish. Who's deaf?
1,It doesn't have much action and it ends in vain -- don't watch this movie
3,Don't watch all the previews  I regret it
2,There's no jam
1,Hollywood comedy is the Hollywood comedy! I wish there would be another fun comedy movie like this
1,It's not 9 points
1,I came out in the middle~~
1,How can I get more than 9 points? Why is the rating so high--?
1,The worst! Don't be fooled by the ratings and reviews. The part-timer is on the move. Regretful
1,Dewar is much better --
1,That's weird. I was just bored I usually like this kind of genre.
3,I can see why 007 is a box office hit and this movie is a bit slow
1,It's really not...I've been sick of it all two hours.
1,The only thing that comes out is fighting
3,It's not making you feel nauseous. Why are you shaking the camera?
5,Why is the tail of the head all short and showing only the ending?
6,It was very difficult to watch because of the filming technique that was difficult to recognize the action scene.
1,It's really not funny. Worst ending in a series I've ever seen.It's... It'
4,There's nothing he can't do.There's no tension at all. It's boring
1,It's not bad
3,The content is hard and the screen is unstable. I think you can watch it on TV
1,No. 1 movie that made me doze off while watching a movie
6,I guess it's not my cup of tea. Maybe I was expecting too much.
1,I fell asleep while watching it. Let's not be fooled -- you said it's fun!Damn
4,I was so bored watching the movie that I came out in the middle. It's really boring
1,It's from there
1,A dynamic screen...But the yawning development...
1,Director Lee's problem is that he doesn't want to watch a movie because his eyes hurt too much. Do you all agree?
1,I don't really...
5,I think it's a little inferior to the previous one.
6,It's not different from the 12th episode It's like going to rerun the movie
1,It's so obvious
1,It's getting boring
1,Chasing and being chased is nothing if you're too forced to do it's nothing.Bored!
1,Only my eyes hurt.Screen production. The screen that shakes all the time
6,I was sleepy
1,Worst crap movie ever...
1,a foreign movie that feels like money is a waste
1,It's not fun at all. It's a waste to pay for it's a waste
5,I didn't watch the first episode.It was just so-so. Just action.
1,One main character will conquer the world
1,the opposite side
1,a contrived setting The main character is multi-talented
6,There are a lot of part-timers. It's normal. I'm sleepy. Everything that came out after the first episode is boring
3,below the expectations of the previous series
6,I think it's a mistake to just read the comments and watch the movie. I'm a bit disappointed
6,The only thing I remember is the fancy action.
1,It's too simple! Nothing special
5,What do you mean 10 points? It's a rehash of episodes 1 and 2. With a lame ending...
6,childish action
1,I'm so disappointed.
1,I'm generous. I can't stop laughing
6,It wasn't very interesting
6,It's just... I feel a bit of urgency... My friend says it's fun.
5,Maybe it's because I haven't watched the first and second episodes
1,What is this? Isn't it because of the value of the name?My eyes hurt --
1,I have to admit that I have to admit it. The Shawshank Escape is a movie
5,It was uncomfortable to see because of the shaking screen...
3,It's not funny
6,Why is the rating so high? The action was worth watching
1,I never watch this. It's such a regrettable third-rate movie!
6,What kind of action is there to see?
1,All three of the critics are bad.He'll eat well and live well like that'I don't have a brother like you
1,Paul ruined the nobility of the first film.But critics say it's good.The world like this
4,Who said it was the best?
5,a very high rating; action is worth watching
4,Ahhh -_-!! It's not fun... I would rather watch two girlfriends than watch this
5,Aren't you eating too much?
2,I am fair.
1,I can't believe the score
1,It's not fun
1,The rating is too high. It's a movie full of small actions.
6,Why doesn't he die?
5,A series of scenes that are so obvious scenes. I'm embarrassed. I only liked the action scenes from time to time
1,One point
1,It's full of tension and the action is the best. I need to lower the rating.
1,a rubbish movie
1,Oh my...
1,the ridiculous cloud-hunting of a white spyIt's a paradise for part-timers
6,It's more about action than the storyline. So it's a movie full of tension
2,It's different for each person.I'm sleepy. I thought it was OOO
2,I watched it after seeing the identity. It's such a ridiculous and obvious. It's a bit plain;;
6,I'll kill you and you won' What I saw was a diehard?
2,Why are there so many characters?It's not as good as the first and second... but Matt was cool.Hah!
5,I want you to evaluate it objectively. But it was better than Invoice.
1,I was surprised to see the rating --; Is this a jam? It's really not fun
3,I didn't like it
5,I looked at the balance and it wasn't that...
4,It's just part-timers...
1,It stinks.
2,The main series is boring
4,It's the only movie I've ever fallen asleep in my life that's so annoying with the shaky camera techniques
1,I showed you everything I could show you in my previous work. What do you want me to do over and over again?
1,I don't understand why this is the highest rating
1,It's not an action movie or a thriller.
1,I was disappointed because I trusted the ratings
1,The story is not good and the action is chaotic
1,Bourne strangled my black friend with a rag...
6,I don't understand what it's about because I haven't watched the first and second episodes.
1,Why is the rating so high? It's boring. It's okay
6,A common story! Wow... A common idea!
1,The worst action movie I've ever seen
1,The story is a bit disappointing
1,It's not good
2,??? I guess I'm the only one who's not funny.How...
4,It's the same as the previous ones -_-
3,I just followed what I did in the first and second episodes.I'd rather make it one.
1,It's better than the drama.The rating is 5 points
5,Bon Supremacy and Bon IDENTITY 1.2.3 are all very similar in content
4,It's boring. It's not fun.;;
1,Is this... Is it fun? The height of boredom...
1,It's not fun. It's not funny That's enough
5,Score Matt Damon!
6,It was eye-catching and breathless.But it wasn't that fun.Why?
3,I'm not a fan.It wasn't that fun
1,I just saw it. The rating is too high. I was fooled. I thought I was going to die
1,I don't like this kind of movie They're all into action.
1,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
1,It's a waste of 1 point. Why is it so high? I kept sleeping. What a waste of money.
1,I have nothing to say.People who saw it will feel it.
3,My eyes hurt...It's so hectic. -_-;;
1,I don't know if it's because my expectations are too low... It's not that funT
6,What's the end -_- there was a boring side to it
1,The main character doesn't look funny The action scenes and the plot are all cliche
5,It's too boring. Running time feels too long to enjoy until the end
6,I watched the clock twice while watching the movie.Time doesn't go. My eyes hurt.9.26? ;;;;
1,Is it the synergy of conventionality in psychology?Why is this movie coming up?Eight points
4,The movie makes me feel dizzy. I'm going to throw up. It is my first time to watch a clock while watching a movie
3,Don't regret the weekend and watch something else.I think it will be on TV soon.
5,It's the first time I've seen this series.It's just...
1,Matt Damon is ugly I have to be on the show. The sequel to this series is mine
1,I'm generous enough to give you a point
1,The screen is shaking so much that it's half-action. Too complicated story. You have to turn it around.
4,I happened to see it and it was boring throughout the movie. It was really bad.
1,The constant tension wears me out and makes me dull
1,Have a good life and say it!
6,My money -_-
5,Ah! The content is not different. It's boring!
1,I missed James Bond's intellectual side all this time.
1,I was tricked
5,a movie that is always chased and chased
6,The rating is a lie.
4,It was really boring.I felt so sorry for my friend. The first and second episodes were fun.a feeling of being tricked
5,I think there was only action.Why are the reviews so high?
1,Immortal Bon... he has no choice but to be lonely.Why are the critics overreacting?Lowering
4,It's not funny. Men will see it as an action. Women are the worst.
1,The score is too high. It's more disappointing than I thought
1,be neither convincing nor entertainingI can't wait to see you again tomorrow because you won the event.gg
1,Let's not look at it as a path of darkness.
4,What kind of evaluation do you think they're all part-timers?
1,Shawshank is the best
1,This is a piece of crap.A total of three chase scenes...The main character's lines are 10 lines...
5,You've been faithful to the spy thriller genre.
1,Hmm... What's wrong with everyone?
3,I don't know why this is 9.26.Are they part-timers? The first episode was more fun.
1,Compared to the previous one...
1,It's just...
1,The first part was fun.It's the worst thing I've ever been looking forward to. a rating error
3,I'm disappointed that you enjoyed the previous one.
1,It's not good
1,I'm not good enough for my last movie. I'm going to lower the rating of the movie by 7 points
1,This high rating is manipulation.Before the show!It must be a hoax Is it a commercial?
1,Look before you speak
5,It's just... It's just...
6,Are you trying to get away with the reputation of your previous work?
5,a thrill of emptiness and simplicityI can't believe we can all agree that we're winning first place over Shawshank
1,It's not a movie that beats Shawshank.
4,This... It's not that...I fell asleep while watching it.-- It's a bit loose...
1,This disease... What a waste of points
4,an incomprehensible score
5,It was boring the whole time I watched it I think that's too much
3,It feels like I'm watching a drama. have a problem with
4,You have to watch Bonn's Series 3 1 and... It's hard but fun. The end?
3,What's this?
5,I just saw it. The first and second episodes were much better^^ It's just... It's okay
1,Just.
1,Why is the rating 9.4... Why? Why on earth?
1,It's just a Hollywood crap movie. I'm not kidding
1,Not really
1,I'm so sleepy that I can't sleep
1,--;;;;
1,I understand well because I have a bad head.
4,It's just a simple story.a common movie
6,This is really... What should I do?
1,This is not right.
1,The score is too high...
3,I came all the way here breathlessly. What's this?
2,It's boring because the content is cut offIs it?
6,I'm a little disappointed.
5,You're pulling without even looking
1,Ending is so boring
2,It's a red movie. Some people don't sell Samsung. Don't buy them.
2,An incendiary trash movie that doesn't have any reality. Look at the comments after watching the KCTU group
4,It's too bad...;;;
2,Disgust at large corporations and weak compatriots in tears = Suspicious commercial movies.
1,Look at OOO's boring demagoguery movie rating manipulation lol
1,Nunia pushes ahead with the contract
1,Not really!!!!...
6,I hope your father came to our school yesterday and gave a lecture. Thank you for the lecture
1,Roh Moo Hyun Come back to life
1,I'll give you 1 point first.
1,Lee Dong Jin. Park Pyeong Sik. Those are very @@@
3,Park Chulmin's cancer is really
3,A country that I want to change so that I can keep that promise
1,I'm impressed. A movie is just a movie.
1,You have to make a good movie because you only have a sense of purpose.
4,I think documentary would have been better
1,It's a movie that's trying to impress.
1,Another emotional man ^^
1,Another promise...
1,The movie that touches the hearts of the people on the left is trash!
1,I'd rather have cyanide. One point is too much
1,This shows how incompetent he is It's the father who made her die. Only the poor daughter dies
1,I'm sure the movie industry has more irregularities than Samsung
6,Is it right to watch a movie only?
1,It's not good to give 10 points without looking
1,Before I made another promise
5,I saw it well. ^_^
1,I need to get a job at Samsung~~
5,an uncomfortable truth drawn on a rough drawing paper
6,It is heartbreaking and sad to fit the accusation film. But that's all. The case is ongoing. Cheer up
1,1 point for cyanide-garigyu
5,I enjoyed watching the movie
5,I applaud the courage to tell the truth. Thank you for telling me what you didn't know.I'm disappointed in the movie
5,The world of movies where the weak appeal to the strong cannot be equal
2,Best is a really good movie.a national must-have film
6,The story is obvious. But it's a movie where you can face reality.
1,How could Samsung do that?
1,It's not fun. Hahaha
3,It's kind of boring to watch.
1,Cheongsan-Gyuri and Park Chul- How can you film a lefty red movie like this? That's amazing. The real left seems to have an eye for incitement. Get out of here! It's a red movie
4,Just for the fun of the movie... Four points.
1,A movie made by pro-North Korean red people. Help the needy with the money to make this crap.
3,Kim Gyuri's bad acting and other actors' bad acting; and the development is so weird;;
5,If this is really true...It's a big problem.But... It's sad that you showed a strong impetus
6,A family movie that would have been nice to stay up all night
1,Huh? All the left-wing filmmakers are here
6,Big companies should show responsibility like big companies...
1,I watched it for about 30 minutes.I thought it was a story about North Korea because the actors said it with a North Korean accent But it's about Gangwon-do How can people in Gangwon-do use that accent? It was disgusting. I didn't want to see it It's a waste of a single star
1,Didn't you glorify it too much?
5,I enjoyed watching such movies Hah!
1,Just another incitement.
1,I'm a waste of even one of the worst films of my life that I've ever described as a bad hire company
1,It's not going to be fun. It's going to be a waste of money.
1,It would be nice to advertise left-wing movies on Naver when VOD comes up Is your back warm?
1,Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam!
1,Look at the incendiary movie. Pro-North Korea out
5,I think it's a movie that hit a company directly It was a movie where I felt a lot of righteous people to help one company and one family I pray for social well-being
1,Throw away the spy incitement film. This is disgusting.
1,I definitely watch movies like this
1,How long do we have to keep an eye on this waste of film?
1,You should study for a movie like this
4,I'm sad about the actors' acting
1,There's a cicada rice punch that you said you'd die from eating American beef
1,I heard it's a seditious movie I'm sick of Korean-style demagogues
1,I want to make a face of Park Chul-min on the poster.
1,I'm sorry I paid for this trashy movie. I can't believe the 90's sentimentalism still works.
1,A lying demagogue and a foolish audience who believes it to be real
1,Let's adjust the rating. Korean movies have high ratings
1,Because of the cover...0
1,The movie is a nail in my dad's heart.
1,It's the worst movie ever
1,Why is this lawyer-like movie rated high?
5,The material itself was full of meaning... The actor's acting is a bit. It was difficult to immerse myself in the line itself. It is a pity that it would have been better if it had been delivered with more realistic lines and acting.
1,I don't know where to cry or how to be moved. Some actors ruin the movie and the development is not good. The first movie that made me think that I could make it more interesting
1,Hahahaha. I'm so sad that I have a runny nose
1,I can't call Samsung Samsung
1,an unspeakable low-grade demagogue
1,Do lefties give 10 points to anti-chaebol anti-government movies? Manipulate it
1,It's rubbish and not worth seeing
1,Why is a movie so lame? Is this a movie or an act?
1,Do you want to go to Samsung while going to Samsung? You little lefties
3,It's not fun or touching to just peel off Samsung...
1,..the person I watched with was so.I ran out in anger
6,For those who are fighting hip.
5,Let's put down all the social accusations and watch the movie itself. Something is clumsy and inept.
6,'Another Courage' to face them.
1,Objectively boring. You're appealing too much.
1,Not funny..;;:
4,How about making it into a documentary instead of a movie?
1,It's not fun. It's not fun at all
3,an actor who plays supporting roles in the obvious I lamented over the lack of impact and clumsy settings.
1,Don't manipulate the ratings.
1,Let's not make demagogues or pay to watch them. I hope this kind of movie is permanently removed from the market
4,Those who watch the movie and instigate Samsung boycotts should reconsider what action will be for hundreds of thousands of Samsung workers.
1,The actors really don't know how to act. It's obvious that you try to make a forced impression throughout the movie. There's nothing in the movie that fits And I wonder what the purpose of making this movie is
1,It's not fun! Don't watch it
6,The story itself is really touching. But movies ruin your emotions?That's what it feels like.It's a shame that the content is too slow and there are many things that are clumsy...
1,Don't make too many ratings
1,I got goosebumps when I saw it on the movie rating ranking.
1,an emotional film It's nothing more or less.
6,I enjoyed watching it calmly.
1,You're guilty because you have a lot of money!
1,It's not that fun. Really
1,I wish you'd stop making demagogues
5,It's a movie about Samsung
1,The texture of the movie itself feels like it's falling apart
1,Another lefty marketing lol
1,It's because there's a lot of foam.
1,ᄈDo you know why Ppongman's mouth is dirty? Stinky people have a bad temper
1,A movie with intentions is kind of...
3,The material is grade A and the development is grade C! It was hard to see the lines that seemed to break the mountain pain in the middle. And I think I played a documentary because I think I copied reality exactly. But the message is clear. Companies that do not spare their employees should sincerely apologize and compensate.
1,I want to go to Samsung~~
1,I recommend Robocop^^ Half a star is a waste
1,It feels like a movie that's hard to understand
1,I don't want to waste a single piece of bread
1,There are people who have to watch it no matter what trick they try;;; The story is really bad at acting;;; They watch it at the movie theater;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
5,The overstated good and evil composition/the fact of this side is lightly handled and discredited/the production work that failed to keep cool ended up making good intentions into a good movie
1,I don't like forced tears
6,It hurts me that it is too harsh for my daughter who is bright even though she is young‥
3,a forced tear-jerker filmIt's not worth watching. A movie that is not enough for killing time.It lets us know how low the audience's eyes are.
1,I don't like this kind of demagoguery
2,It was unconventional to target Samsung But it's not fun... It's not touching. I don't know why the rating is so high.I really fell for it.
1,I was fooled by the netizens' rating again.
1,You're taking your time complaining
1,Rubbish... Why would you pay for it?
1,9 points is too much.
1,It's around the corner. It's a total of 50 angles
1,I don't know... It's not that good I've given up my eyes
1,I'd rather eat cyanide than watch this movie.
1,Samsung or whatever. It's not fun
1,It's really not fun.
1,I give you 1 point to adjust the score
1,Sixties sentimental junk that relied heavily on noise marketing
1,Isn't this kind of movie not in the 9-point range?
1,Just watch the Olympics! a very openly biased film
1,It's common. It's common
1,Just watching a short film and cheering for a movie that's like a beep that makes you cry.
1,I'm jealous of people who can't even get a job저 That's why big companies don't hire people from Korea and go abroad
1,I felt uncomfortable watching the empathy lining because I got a high rating and I was fooled
1,"Don't be scared Shiba"
1,♥ That's sad. I really want to join Samsung
1,You were going to kill Samsung.
1,Are you part-timers? That's amazing. It's over 9 points.
1,It's higher than the Turner 2.Does it make sense?
5,If I were to evaluate the movie itself...Sadness is different from good
1,My horoscope is too generous
3,Watch a movie and get a star rating It's just heartbreaking.
5,A meaningful movie...A step towards a healthy society!It's okay even if it's not fun~~ Dad's promise
2,It's not as good as I thought... I was looking forward to it because it's real
1,Frozen Daisuki!
1,Hey! It's perfect! So good~
3,What a national movie. Is it a national movie if you just squeeze out tears? I really hope that Chulmin doesn't make a joke on another movie. It's not funny. It's not funny at all
1,I didn't watch the movie. I just don't like Kim Min-sun.  That's all for the reason
1,It's more than 10 characters?
1,No more emotional selling.
1,-_- I guess my expectations were too high
1,I don't want to see 1 point because of Sung Kyu
1,It's not worth it. It's really a movie
1,The trend in Korea is scary... I hope the movie will stop coming out.
1,Not like the late incitement movie? Is that a bribe or something?
1,The balance must be maintained
1,You must have worked really hard. What happened to all 10 points?
1,8 points is appropriate. The rating is too high. It's a waste to pay for Korean movies
1,I'm sick of things like this. I'm forced to move...It'd be nice to make a documentary
1,I'm so touched.
1,Another promise! Samsoong!
1,I watch this movie even if I die.
1,a witch-hunt film aimed at a particular company
4,It's just a movie that became a social issue. I don't know about the fun...
1,I'm scared because the poster boy looks like a white river
3,Why would I watch such a sloppy movie?
1,Isn't it time for him to stop making jokes?
1,I'm rooting for you!
1,I can't believe this movie got more than 9 points
1,a forceful and burdensome line;
5,I wonder how many people don't use Samsung products while taking Samsung bath. I give 5 points because of these two guys
1,It's not fun at all right
1,I don't think it's going to be good.;;;;
1,I don't really
1,a country that turns incitement into a movie
1,1 point for making my girlfriend cry
2,What are the people who give this 10 points? It's touching. I saw it because I thought so.You're talking like lawyer 2 ;;; I give you two points because you give me a lot.
1,What's "I'm looking forward to it even before watching the movie" and what's with Samsung? Did you even watch a movie? It's such a freak that I give you 1 point.
1,That's a real low budget. I don't watch this movie even if I download it
1,Look at the lawyer one more time
1,I don't want the pro-North Korean and UPP to go as a group
1,I don't understand
6,I think I expected too much.
1,We're still in the process of course. Institutional movie class...shivering
1,It's so boring...
1,I think it's a movie about Samsung
3,It's supposed to make other people's rice cakes look big To disprove how hard it is to steal other people's money
1,My dream is to get into a multi-enterprise while cursing.Just say you're jealous
4,What kind of external pressure is that?I couldn't catch the theater because it wasn't fun.The movie is as obvious as Mercy in Room 7. Stop making this stuff up.
1,Samsung is paying a lot of salary for no reason!  You should've decided to take that much of a risk
1,I don't want to see noise marketing on various bulletin boards because I'm afraid I won't be able to get the money out of the movie in.
1,a lying demagogue
1,simulation of men and women in close proximity
1,Kneo-Aquinta and Input
1,Sun Moon Lake Environmental Degradation Sports Korean Language
1,What do you mean 10 points? I watched it because it was high. It's not fun. It's ruined overseas. Is it good to watch this kind of movie?
1,It was a movie that I really wanted to watch.
1,A movie that will work in the era of 10 years ago
6,Who's as innocent as Scissors Hands?
1,An overrated movie.It's so cliche and boring story and development.
6,This is not a fantasy. It should be in science fiction
3,A masterpiece is a masterpiece through the ages. It's just an excuse to call it a good movie at the time. A film that is a little better wrapped up in the same emotion as a werewolf boy. The story is about the taste of disease
5,Is it a reduction of a heartless society without probability or dealing with a love that cannot be achieved with a beautiful woman? The truth of the ladies is the movie's worst barrier to rejection.
3,I don't know why the ratings are so goodcrying
1,I don't know what's funny. I don't know what's beautiful. It's just clumsy.
1,I'm sick and tired of it. Black bags...
5,I guess classics are classics. It's hard to see the awkwardness of acting and poor performance.
1,It's boring. It's unlikely
5,A familiar plot that reminds you of beauty and beast. Scissor Son is a movie you should watch when you're young. I can't relate to the best review because I didn't think Johnny Depp's acting was particularly good. A movie that made me feel like my emotions were drying up.
1,a trashy movie with an obvious story
1,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? It's not... It's just...
1,I'm sorry. I actually really like scissors hands. But we need to raise the overall ranking of Clementine. A masterpiece like that should at least be in the top 50 overall!
1,What's this?
4,a bizarre fairy tale
6,I can only remember Johnny Depp's eyes.
3,Did I expect too much?
6,It doesn't look too tacky now.
6,People gave Johnny Depp 10 points because he was handsome
5,I thought that Tim Burton was innocent at times.
1,It was a waste of time while I was watching.And the atmosphere of the movie is so grotesque that I feel uncomfortable
1,It's too obvious. I'm so into movies these days
1,There are many scenes that are so tacky and ridiculous and not funny.Johnny Depp's expression is funny and Edward is pitiful
1,a beggar's hand
1,It's a weird movie. I don't recommend it
6,A work that shows a collective orientation toward strangers. But I'm no longer innocent to feel something
3,I don't like movies except visual and I don't like Tim Burton movies
1,It looks like garbage with no contents
1,A crappy movie.I would great if you had seen 20 years ago ...
1,I think the rating is too high. I think about eight points is appropriate
1,The rating is too high. I want to give 7 points.
1,It's really boring --
1,Human beings are contradictory animal childish fantasy
1,Oh man... This is in the 9th range.
6,I heard that actors are really good...It's not enough to give me 10 points
1,It's like a TV surprise that middle and high school students will like. The standard of childishness
1,a boring third-rate trash movie
6,The last one was really tight. The rest was boring
1,This is also an overrated comment.8 points is perfect
1,...I'm getting sleepy
1,What the hell is it?
1,I felt cheated by the majority's opinion that I was sad
1,Johnny Depp looks like a Caribbean
1,It was a disappointment to me
1,Obvious stories... expected stories
1,..It's more fun than I thought.T
1,There is no need for words.
1,More than I thought
1,It's so boring
1,More than I thought
1,It's not as good as I thought
2,Where's a movie like this?It's fun in its own way.I saw it because of the grade.Boring.
1,not much
1,Fairy tales for adults who can't understand
1,It's not fun... I don't know what's touching.
1,I enjoyed watching it when I was young.
1,It's really boring --
1,I was completely tricked. Not funny
6,Is it because I'm really looking forward to it?
3,It's a movie that doesn't have a lot of details.the climax of an awkward development
1,I wasn't funny. I don't have a zero point
5,I'm here to lower the rating. A movie that wasn't very touching or fun
1,I'm sorry. I praise the ring
1,Hair salon name?
1,It's not good...
1,This isn't right
1,That's not good...
1,It's boring
1,It was the worst movie ever.
5,A movie that made me dream of love with an abnormal human being when I was young
5,below expectations
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
3,The movie I watched a long time ago...I don't remember much...
1,Naver rating = Weather Service forecast Let's not be fooled by Naver rating
3,I don't understand this rating. Emotions are clumsy and content is sloppy.Disappointed
4,It's worth seeing the female lead.
1,It's worth seeing the female lead.
1,It's not funny
1,I don't really...
1,an abandoned hand
1,rotten hands
1,Transformers' First Placement Committee
1,It's a boring movie to watch now
1,not much
1,To be honest... I think 8.5 is appropriate. Let's lower it
5,Boring story and clumsy action... What are the ratings of 10 points?
1,I don't know what's funny about it.It's annoying and boring
1,Feel depressed.
6,I'm losing my sense of reality because the story is so far-fetched. Although I feel affectionate.
1,1 point because a woman is old
2,Not really
1,He's like a hell boy
1,Perfect trash. I totally fell for it
5,a story like a fairy tale
2,I think I know what it is
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
5,Hmm... a little boring movie
1,It's not a 9.22-point movie.
1,This isn't right
1,It's more than 9 points.
5,It's a pretty good movie.
1,Scoring game
1,It was VOLO
6,Lack of persuasion about the process of falling in love...
6,I saw it when I was a kid. I liked hot girls back then.
1,This is all because of the scissors hands...
1,a monster movie
1,It's not funny
1,The handwriting... The level of Korean audience?
6,Calm bubble!!!
1,The rating is too high
1,Cinema Heaven is fun and touching
1,I don't know why I saw it
1,Johnny Depp is a total jerk
4,Is it fun? It wasn't fun -_-;
1,The scissors cut my head and ears
5,It's not like I'm getting 10 points.
6,Was this a masterpiece?
5,The rating is too high. It's a little childish.
6,I was a little bored.
6,a movie that doesn't matter to me
1,It's just a movie
1,It's just an old-fashioned movie
1,I'm not impressed because I saw you when you were young
1,It's nothing.
1,That's not funny
6,I am not a Timberton style at all
1,(v) Fees for services charges;
1,What's wrong with this?
4,It's been so long that it doesn't look good now
1,Not really
4,I hope you're really disappointed... What are you trying to do?
5,Forced touching... Forced development... It's cold water for me who was looking forward to it
1,I can't because I'm first place. I lowered it
1,It's fun. But I want to lower the rating
1,It's just... -_-;;
6,I remember my younger brother crying after seeing the scissors.I'm scared.
6,It's a little better than average What perfect score is this?
1,Are you kidding? What's the story?
3,A fairy tale?
1,Whatever
1,n
1,It's a bit bland
1,Bello
1,I was so touched when I saw this
6,I don't know why this is such a generous score.
1,It's not fun. How can it be over 9? -_-;;
5,I'm touched. I think it's itself^^
4,It's just... it's amazing that the ratings are high and the responses are good
5,a moment named a miracle
1,Yoona turned it off as soon as she heard the dialect. Please don't make a movie like this again
1,I'm so moved! Park Jungmin always acts the same way! I wish that an actor who acts with his heart would play this role
6,No more movies that make actors in their mid-30s dress up as teenage high school students.
6,Father and son overcome each other's pain
5,perfect for a holiday movie
6,Normal. There's nothing more to say
6,an old movie with good acting
6,The story and direction were so bad that I was scolded for watching it until the end. I finished the race because of Yoona. The director should be sorry for Yoon-ah for the rest of your life.
6,I enjoyed watching it Family affection
6,I can't listen to Yoona's dialect...…
4,It's like a forced new drama.
6,Yoona's dialect is too far-fetched. Her acting doesn't improve
6,The story was good until the middle
2,I can't get into it because I used Gyeongnam dialect to talk about Gyeongsangbuk-do dialect.
4,I can't watch it until the end because of Yoon-ah's bad dialect performance.
1,I watched this movie one after another after watching Ethan Hawk's love on Netflix.There's a huge difference...
5,Is this rating for real? The actors' dialect acting was so awkward that I was able to get into character
2,I can't concentrate at all on the forced Gyeongsang-do dialect
6,What a waste of actors
2,A movie that includes all the shortcomings of Korean movies.
5,I was sad because I was so sad
5,I thought stereotyped clichés were re-releasing early 2000s movies
1,Don't ever look at the worstHJ: I
6,It's like reading a rough but sincere handwritten letter with a pencil
1,an easy-going new school Stop making this emotional movie
6,The director seems to like movies by Iwai Shunji. The warmth of the black promist filter is good
6,It's hard to hear male lead's dialect
6,Good story. Dialect is so awkward
5,It's a miracle of dreams. I was surprised because I acted well.
4,Bibimbap ruined with good ingredients
5,About the art of dealing with dramatic flavors?
6,It's just a movie that comes to mind.
2,A shoddy dialect that destroys the obvious new drama and immersion
2,80's sentiments. Crying at this much
5,A little twist and a lot of memories added to the new school
1,A lot of Shinpa. Just a sigh
6,The story is so touching
1,Is this a movie? It's classy.Is this a firework? lol
6,a touching Chuseok movie
3,Detecting a large amount of impurities called K Sinpa in a stream flowing through a mountain valley
6,It was easy
6,Rich people need to talk
6,Lee Soo-kyung is a jewel. Lee Soo Kyung's name should be on the poster first
1,I really can't see it because of Yoona's dialect.... It was so hard
4,It's all because of your father who takes care of his work more than his family. Why are you crying?
1,The second half copied Billy Elliot. Blatantly copying. Is this a growth movie? Is it a family movie or a genius boy? What is it?
6,I dozed off and fell asleep... I saw that there must be something calm and obvious about the Korean sentiment code. I'm just sleepy... The probability of emotional communication among the characters is also very low. Is it a miracle that a simple station was created? Is it a miracle that the main character went to study abroad? Is it a miracle that the people who gave a perfect score after watching this movie?
6,It's normal... I don't think it's enough to look it up
4, miracle
4,It's so useful that it makes you wonder why I added a female character
5,There are a lot of actors that I like. That's a really poor story
6,Good humor code It was such a bummer to use the female character
6,The story gets boring as it goes back.
6,A movie that's more like Lee Soo Kyung's lead than Yoona
4,A too much healing movie. It feels like we've seen it before. It' an artificial healing film
6,It was nice because it was calm.
2,Are you kidding me? Yoona ate it up and became trash. You're beyond disgust at the horoscope work of the Holy Grail. a prize
1,I was fooled by the rating. View ratings in the latest order from
1,Every scene feels like I've seen it before
6,You're a hard carry! It's ringing like hell. A movie that would be great for families to watch
6,I enjoyed it. The actors' acting was very good
6,Lee Soo Kyung is the most memorable
6,I liked it
6,It was an informative movie that showed that happened
1,I was fooled by Yoona's marketing
2,Park Jeongmin is a typical boring cliché in Korean movies
4,Why don't you add subtitles? You don't understand my accent
2,Another new drama.Can't you do a movie except Shinpa?
4,It's kind of a vain story
6,K-style Shinpa Fantasy. The retro vibe was good.
2,Yoona is kind of...My face is a bit...Acting is a bit...
1,The story is like a Chinese movie... The probability is a mess.
5,If it was just like that'
6,I didn't watch it
6,a holiday family film
6,A movie that you can watch lightly. A slight twist of laughter and emotion
6,The reverse miracle was not the only miracle
4,Your soul is dead
4,I shake my head in the latter half of the story
6,Billy Elliot Dejavu?
2,Was it a ghost story? Fooled by a dog
5,It's soft and touching.
5,be boring and cliche
6,It was a bit more boring than I thought.
4,Video beauty and Kim Wansun. It's like watching a movie in the 80s
5,It's not that funny. It's childish
4,My heart warmed up The end
6,I only liked the story of the awkward dialect
4,Nothing comes out when I try to squeeze it out
6,the miraculous sound of the landscape and the times
5,a heartwarming movie
5,Good to feel calm country vibes
1,My two hours have gone like a miracle.The rating is about 3 to 4 points.
6,It wasn't what I thought after watching the trailer. I think the target age range is clear.
6,A movie that the story avoided because of mis-marketing
4,It doesn't suit my taste
1,More than half of them are new
6,A movie that will bring out the emotions that are close to pollution-free
6,A warm family movie
5,It's sad that the two stories are separate
6,Was this really the best thing I could do? It's based on a true story. It's a fantasy movie with a true story. The actors' performance is very good. Rediscovery of actress Lee Soo-jung! Yoona's character is so unfortunate
4,Even the ghost is full of gods. It's a typical touching trick
5,It's a heart-warming holiday movie
6,The actors' acting is good
6,It was better than I thought
6,I liked the synergy between Park Jungmin and Lee Sungmin
6,Did I have high expectations? Full of regrets
5,The word of mouth wasn't good. That's allLim
6,a family movie worth watching
5,It's an old-fashioned movie with a good and fine texture
1,It's a miracle that this is a rating of nine.
2,It's such a touching movie. It's been a while since I was immersed in it. Strongly recommend
2,A simple plot. It's not likely and the content is zero. Boredom
2,It's fun without Jami
6,Is this a fantasy?
2,It's just worth watching when you're bored.
1,Stop it. Venom 2 is 300 million times better
1,The level of Korean movies doesn't seem to change... I hope you don't see it because it's a waste of money
2,The conclusion is that Naver rating is not reliable.It's not touching. The story is boring. What's at the end of the movie? I'm going to do it.  It's an honest personal review as an individual who watches Korean movies a lot.
2,Foreign movies are much better than watching things like money waste of money
2,The part-time job in the comments is so bad
2,It's a very warm and normal movie and Yoona is not good at acting
6,I don't have a role that doesn't match the actors' age.  A good movie is not a good movie with a boring storyline that is not enough to last two hours
2,How can this be 9 points?  About 6-7 points is enough to lower the rating by 1 point
2,I'm so sick and tired of the forced Shinpa
2,a typical forceful Korean movie
2,I can't relate to the 80's style.
2,A movie that was obvious and boring because it was based on a true story. I'm going to skip the movie that comes out now
3,Yoona is so pretty. The end
1,What is this? Is it a movie?
1,Just don't believe in the ratings for being so boring
5,The sociopandemic is spreading rapidly.Let's have Nami say byeol-byeol
1,Don't use idols that aren't as good as Sejeong's. It's a waste of 0 point.
2,I felt like I was being tortured.
4,I guess he doesn't have any talent as a director a rehash of one's previous work Not funny.
2,It's a miracle. I don't think this kind of religious sect is gonna work.
5,This kind of movie
5,Lee Sungmin's dialect is a localIt's not anti. It's Yoona's dialect that interferes with her immersion
6,It's a typical Shinpa movie that goes for a typical happy ending.I'm not impressed...
2,I feel like I don't know anything about the local dialect that is the background of the movie I don't know what the typical Seoul native thinks about the countryside I don't know what I melted in Gyeongsangnam-do dialect The only actor who used it well was actor Lee Seong-min and a true story in love story 99
1,It's not fun at all truth
2,I trusted Park Jungmin. It's just... It's boring
1,Well...
2,I was very excited to go there because of my GPA. It's a very obvious story; it's my first time writing a rating. I'm disappointed.
1,I watched it with my worst girlfriend at a car theater and it was so improbable that we both laughed the worst
1,It's a waste of 1 point. I don't want to watch movies with idols anymore
1,You should have refused to make a movie that forced me to be moved by OOO memory. This kind of movie is crazy
1,Oh my! Misook's acting is awkward
2,It's a shame to sit down if anything comes out of the mess!
5,Depending on how you utilize the two inflection points.
1,a movie that is easy to sleep in
6,Sprinkle K-Shinpa on the cooked rice. It would have been better if we could adjust the level of the last renal wave.
2,I didn't expect much. It was just like that. I'm glad I got a discount
4,Don't speak in dialect. Or do it well... Or learn from someone who's good. It's not North Korean. As if the director doesn't know any dialects
1,I think we need to lower the rating a lot
4,It's like a miracle. It's in the 9 points
1,The worst movie of the year; boring as a whole
6,It's not a very touching movie. Yoona is good at acting in dialect. She is good at acting as a child in "When the Camellia Blooms" and actress Lee Soo-kyung is also memorable. The story is just...
6,Shall we hesitate when the present in room 7 starts?
6,The proportion of the new wave was too high
6,My acting in dialect is so awkward that my hands and feet cringe
1,I'll give you 1 point because of Yoona. Dialect is so awkward that I can't concentrate
4,Are you kidding me?That's not funny at all
2,I thought it was a true story.a vain film
4,Not really. The actors' acting and the screen were pretty.
2,I don't know what it's about. The story is all over the place. It's all mixed up
2,I don't know what's a miracle They say it's easy to make money these days. There's no probability and it's third-rate. The budget is better than this
4,I was really fooled by the COVID-19 situation. I was so touched that I couldn't focus on the BGM. It's a story that's not likely. I fell asleep at the climax at the end of Lee Seongmin's explanation Oh my god
4,I found out the twist within 10 minutes of the movie. Should I say that it's that boring? But it was the best Korean movie of all the recent Korean movies
2,My insomnia has been miraculously cured.
1,a ghost story
1,Yoona is coming out. I'll trust you and skip it
2,Don't make this kind of movie. Don't make ratings. Don't watch low-budget movies anymore
5,It was touching but crucially boring.
1,It's a miracle that this script was released as a commercial feature film
5,The movie that was disappointing with the anticipated development and new wave
6,It is deceitful of Gyeongsang Province to use the cliche dialect of the Korean movie. It would be nice to watch it with my family
6,An hour and a half is boring...The last 30 minutes were touching and fun
6,So so... Why didn't you add some scenes from "Future NASA" with Yoona? The movie doesn't have a climax
1,A rating of 8.5 is appropriate
6,Korean-style Shinpa is a bit...
6,Yoona is really bad at speaking in dialect!Gangwon-do? The story is so boring and I was fooled by the rating
6,Um... Yoona's dialect acting is really weird.My acting is covered by my awkward accent. I hope I can only speak Mandarin in the future.
2,wait till the last minute under the mysterious title of "Miracle"?  A movie that only spends boring time 시작 The only twist I noticed in three minutes is a movie that is irritating to the forced Shinpa 느 What I felt: Let's not be fooled by the high evaluation of the comment part-timer
6,A movie that's nothing more or less than what Park Jungmin did
1,One-man train station in Japan + movie Trainman Plagiarism http://mlbpark.donga.com/mp/b.php?p=1&b=bullpen&id=202108270059338110&select=&query=&user=&site=&reply=&source=&pos=&sig=hgjRGf21h3aRKfX2h6j9Rg-Ajhlq
1,No fun. I don't know why I have such a high rating. It's a waste of money
6,But is Joonkyung a ghost?
4,It's kind of loose. It's a touching movie that you can only watch with your family
1,It's a miracle that it wasn't in the middle of the movie
2,Are you kidding me?It's the worst. It's not fun.Boring and wanting to run out of the movie theater
1,A movie that's really like a miracle. There must be no more tears for the actors to cry out. All settings exist for the writer to write at will.
1,The end of schizophrenia glorification.
6,I was looking forward to the review. I guess you were looking forward to it. It was my first visit to a movie theater during COVID-19 and I was bored
6,A movie that's not good or bad
1,Smells like cow dung. Smells like chicken dung
1,I saw the ratings and watched the movieIt's so boring T
1,I was personally bored
4,Ugh.. Your rating is very high ;; I kept dozing off because I was sleepy
6,It's just a family movie for holidays
6,It was obvious that the last production was so boring and that he did the story to forcefully squeeze out the emotion. The actors' performance was good. The last scene was too childish. I don't know why they set up ghosts.
2,I don't know what story it is.
1,There's not much to see
6,I got in trouble because it was the most expensive movie I've seen in the theater recently
6,The miracle of Lee Soo-kyung who saved the movie!
2,I can't register if the score is low
2,My father is so sadT
6,The story is like a Japanese movie and Yoona is pretty
5,It was sad and boring
2,I can't get into character later on
6,It's kind of weird. He's trying to make it emotional.
1,Acting in dialect was awkward and boring
2,I was watching and I went out.There are a lot of part-timers
6,Is this Billy Elliot's homage?
6,I was so bad at editing. Yoona was good at acting and Lee Soo-kyung was good at acting like an old movie. Pilgu's crying acting is nothing to say
6,It's similar to watching classical music. It's a chaotic movie because I like the chemistry with my sister better.I'm a little confused about who the heroine is.I think it would have been more touching if only my sister came out or Yoona was maintained as a friendIt's better to focus more on my family and sister and father... Putting in LABOUM songs is too old-fashioned and common... I trusted Park Jung-min and went to see it... but I was disappointed but Park Jung-min's acting was 5 stars
6,The scene was a bit boring and I don't know what a miracle is...I don't know. All the actors were good at acting
6,Typical Japanese True Story Material
2,I hate my part-timers. I bought a boutique ticket. His acting skills and the scenery of all seasons are a waste...
6,Watch the voice of the movie voice~^^
1,The rating of the first day of "K" movie
3,I've had enough of this suppressionism.He's trying to impress you.I think it's such a low-level movie.Yoona's dialect acting is so awkward.
6,A new wave of acceptance points in which the unnervingly functional style works conclusively.
5,A touching movie that you can watch with your family during Chuseok.
2,I can't believe I'm getting this result out of these actors.I have nothing to say.
6,A regular holiday family movie that just seems appropriate and doesn't.
1,It's my fault to see Yoon-ah seduced. The worst movie I've seen recently. It's almost a scam featuring Yoona.
2,It's not an international market. It's not an international market
2,I don't know if it's enough to get this grade...
1,I'm tired of the forced Shinpa. I'm sick of it
2,You'll get tired of being too nice
2,a two-point film It's hard to give two more points.
2,a film exaggeration that falls short of expectations
4,If you look at it now... It's a killing time movie that's not that interesting
6,I enjoyed watching "Korean Taken."
4,It's a movie that I enjoyed watching.But... But... I don't like it because I come out on the movie channel too often.  Please stop showing me. I'm so sick of it Won Bin doesn't even shoot movies except for you
5,How do you embrace a wounded soul?
5,Plagiarism is fine! !
6,Where is there a man like this?
6,He started pressing down on the guy next door! This is bulletproof glass!
2,It's childish now. Special forces? Won Bin's army only goes back and forth to the priest's hospital I was discharged from the army.
4,It was more fun because it was a real story.
5,Won Bin's halo is amazing.
5,Won Bin's jawline is going to break his neck if he grinds it.
2,Change the title to the top model
2,Somi got the most benefits
1,Change the title of "Eye-Eye-Eye-Eye"
5,Too cruel a macho movie. It's WONBIN and I don't care. Terrible.
1,The overpackaged male character is not impressed
6,Won Bin is cool no matter what he does.
5,The obvious movie Ma Dong-seok will have to make a difference now
2,Did you really have fun?
6,Won Bin's last movie. It's been almost 10 years
6,I can't stand it. too cruel
2,I saw Johnwick 3 and I can feel the difference in class^_^
6,Exclusive possession of superheroes in the dichotomy of good and evil
4,It's a pretty good action. It's sake
6,Colorful action with an unnecessary story. an easy standard perhaps
6,Won Bin looks like me no matter how much I look at him. You're me and I'm older. ^^
6,I don't like the two supporting detectives
6,The movie that was worth watching. It's similar to TAKEN
6,It's so much fun. A spy even in this movie
1,It's a really good movie. It's so much fun
1,a contrived and predictable story
6,He seems to have captured the excessive setting and miscellaneous scenes with one actor named Won Bin.
6,A guy who starred in the thriller movie Won Bin's acting skills in 2010
6,It was a movie for Won Bin.
6,Uncle (X) -> Won Bin (O)
1,A movie that is overrated by Won Bin. The story itself is just a common cliché action movie
1,How can you live by advertising?
1,a superficial and insincere movie
1,A movie that middle and high school students will love
4,Watch "Man On Fire" and watch "Man On Fire". "Man On Fire" is a shameful movie
1,It's not fun. Just say it's a dog plate
1,I thought I was going to die because it was so cheesy. You put a lot of effort into the excessive setting. Are you filming a music video?
6,The movie that Won Bin showed a new side of the actor
1,Detective color 2. They're pretending to be cool
1,Two detectives are really bad at acting. Don't say you're going to learn somewhere. You stinkers.
6,Why is this more than 9 points?   Won Bin is the only one handsome.
4,Won Bin and the main actors acting awkwardly. It was hard to watch until the end
2,Look at the level of the kimchi guys. The amount of time to move... The amount of time to move... The movie formula made in 1990 in Hong Kong
6,This movie seems to be overrated.
1,Leon's plagiarism... Too bad he didn't get 0 points
1,No answer movie... The main character's buff is awesome
6,Won Bin's score is around 9? There's nothing to believe in
2,A cruel movie that shows off its strength. It doesn't cause as much emotion or leave as much nostalgia as Leon.
2,I copied and pasted Leon too much. Even the story setting is similar. Next door... The movie itself is fun and good...I can't give you a good score because you copied me too much
1,A story that I've seen dozens of times somewhere. Won Bin's one-man show
1,Leon... Leon...Leon
5,I can't relate to itThe only thing is that it's cruel
1,The rating is too high. It's not that funny. Did I copy Leon?
1,I bit the cigarette again after watching this movie!
6,It's just whatever...
6,Mise-en-sc센ne that starts with Won Bin and ends with Won Bin
4,Kim Sae-ron's acting was worth watching.It was a movie where I could see the development of Korean movies.The performances of the two actors who played the villain showed the height of viciousness.
1,I think it's honest to say it's a Hollywood remake
5,I don't like things like this so I thought Won Bin was cool.Outside of that
1,I want you to see Leon before you watch this movie. It's just a movie
6,I wonder if I needed to throw myself this far for a girl who had nothing to do with me. It would have been more likely if there was a blood relationship
6,It's nothing more than Leon's sublime
1,It was a very disappointing movie
3,I saw Leon and he copied this
1,It's too violent
5,A skanky skit and a skanky screenplay...
1,The only thing worth seeing is Won Bin's appearance. a really boring movie
6,"Visual" action movie that's possible because it was Won Bin.
1,A movie that would have been ruined without Won Bin
1,This is just like a man-on-fire It's a masterpiecewww
1,I don't know why this movie is 9 points
1,It's a movie that makes me lose confidence in my face.You can't watch it with your girlfriend!
1,I can't even get this rating because other movies are so sloppy. I personally can only give these movies five points
1,I think he copied Takeen. It's not fun. The action is worth watching at the end. I think it's a movie with a lot of bubbles.
1,The sub-version of "Taken" is the best bubble movie
1,Stephen Seagull is out to save a girl?
1,Did I expect too much because the score was high? More than I thought...
6,Won Bin-man stars. A story that stands out in a cruel way. A story that has an obvious ending. A story that leaves nothing behind
6,Won Bin...
6,5.6 Change the title of the movie to Won Bin.
5,Why is this movie still 9 points?
1,WONBIN looks ugly with a haircut
1,It's a waste of a single one. Why is this fun? OO
6,Not very funny
6,The action scene is not easy. The story is a bit cliche. It's still far away
5,Five points would be appropriate.
1,How can we get more than 9 points?  Is it like a Korean movie?
6,The time was well spent.I agree with the critics' score.
1,Nine points are too much.
1,They're asking if I'm running
6,I saw it because of the syndromes.What kind of writer did you write?It's from Won Bin
1,I still have 1 point left.
6,It feels like a mixture of Hollywood movies
1,Well-made Meat Movie
1,It's an absurd setting where a kid in the neighborhood is being kidnapped
2,A bizarre race that loves organized psycho crime. The Korean people are disgusting.
1,Downgrade version of Taken + Man On Fire. A level to which there is nothing to say even if accused of copyright infringement.
6,..... I was tricked... my hands and feet are cringe-worthy
5,The rating is so high that I don't understand it.
1,It's interesting as long as I'm watching
4,Man on fire in '04 is blurry in people's memory. It's a mock-up where you can't find the originality and creativity that the director made money and watched it comfortably without subtitles.
1,Taken Man On Fire Leon
1,Nothing special.
1,It's not an exaggeration to say that Leon's fake movie. It's just a movie about casting 600 million actors
5,Why is your rating so high?LOLIs this the part-time job in the comments? It's a movie that I ruined while imitating the atmosphere of a gambler
1,Taken's sublime fake film
6,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie
5,Please work harder
1,There's nothing new except for Won Bin's action scene. It's nothing more than a killing time
1,Rating adjustment
1,[Taken] [Comando]'s fake... This is why Korean movies shouldn't be like this...You can see how dreary the Korean audience is giving a rating of 9.23 on fake reports
1,1 point for Won Bin's acting. The rest is the highest level of trash
5,I never OOO to Taken.
1,a cloud of the earth
1,a third-rate
1,I'm glad I'm not embarrassed about earning foreign currency
6,It's a movie between Taken and Leon. We can predict the next line But the action scene was cool
2,Everything was as expected --
1,The story was childish and a waste of time.
1,What's wrong with the rating?LOL a box office hit thanks to Won Bin
1,One of the overrated movies
2,Cliché Moongchi. Writer has 8th grade syndrome
1,No way. There's nothing to watch except action. It lacks probability
1,I can't believe this is a 9.21 rating. The acting is all awkward except for a few people
6,Fake Taken
1,You should've picked the guy who went to the army. He was so energetic that I wondered why he was exempted from military service
1,I watched it at CGV early in the morning. It's fun
1,Mister - Wonbin = 0
1,The rating is too horny. I think the score is 8 because it is a proper Korean movie
3,I was wondering if it was just Won Bin.
5,You have to think a lot about how the story unfolds when you decide on a bad class and beat everything up.
5,It's not that fun
6,It's meaningful that I just watched it
6,A movie that saved Won Bin. lack a narrative
6,There is definitely fun. All the police are acting so bad. Why do you keep reading Korean books?
6,The rating is very high... Is it Won Bin's power? The action scene was cool
1,I can't believe you got a grade above 9.Do you watch movies with your nostrils?
4,The only thing I remember after watching it was Won Bin's face.The story isn't that...
3,It's a pity that Won Bin is so into making this kind of plagiarism into a masterpiece
6,It's okay LOL
1,Taken's fake...I'm embarrassed as a Korean the real thing
1,Man On Fire + Taken = Won Bin.
3,WONBIN is a straw for invincible villains
4,It's like watching a Japanese cartoon. Just because Won Bin was cool.
1,It's really boring. I think the female oak ladies gave me a rating.Won Bin's acting is amazing lol
4,Don't copy foreign movies
5,The reason why it's not so pleasant is the lack of probability and reality
6,There is a severe lack of relationship and motivation for the person view of the case. But it's fun
6,It's like a movie sunflower It's a movie where you can fully feel Won Bin's charms!
5,Should I be moved by the usual action scene?
1,Let's lower the rating a little bit. It is not in the nine-point range.
1,I can't believe it... Just a smile
5,95% dependence on Won Bin. There's nothing much to it. It's a movie about Won Bin
1,It's a shame that Won Bin only relies on his star quality for overall perfection
1,You have a high rating. I want to give a generous 8 points. Change the title to people who curse...
2,This is a movie for Won Bin
4,The rating is too high...
1,I'd rather watch 10 more series of this stuff.
3,Is it the power of Won Bin fanatics? Korean movies are still far away
6,It's Won Bin's
5,Overrated - Good immersion but too vain for character OOO
1,There's nothing else to watch but action
1,I felt like I was watching a third-rate movie because of its sloppy story and lack of presence
6,Won Bin is cool.I don't know the movie.
6,I don't know...
3,Won Bin's bluff stood out. I think it was made for Won Bin
5,Zero immersion. Won Bin's cheesy acting.It's a movie that doesn't make any kind of movie
1,a film copied from Taken's ancient times You had a hard time copying it.
6,The movie that was more disappointing than I expected... It's just Won Bin
5,A movie that only Won Bin watches
6,Cool action. Cool Won Bin.
5,There's nothing left after I watched it. Maybe it's because I watched Takeen and this...
1,The rating is too high... Why is it so high?
4,Won Bin ♥
1,Lee Jong Pil is really bad at acting. There's only too much.
5,Action acting was good...The meaningless ending and the lukewarm content were not good.
1,The story is...
6,That's cruel; I watched it while listening to Won Bin
1,It's definitely not a nine-point movie. I'm going to get 8 points.
1,the epitome of a poor rating A movie that can never exceed 8.5.
1,A movie that can't get more than nine points. It's just a violent movie full of Won Bin's action. It's fun
1,How many stars should the director give himself? I think he's going to give me six.
5,Stephen Seagull of Korea was born.
6,It's unnecessarily cruel.
1,I can't believe this simple story has a rating of more than nine-- it's the equivalent of Titanic and three idiots
6,It's a movie that has nothing but a cool movie
6,You'll think I'm going to throw up while eating popcorn
6,Is 9.23 because Won Bin is so cool?
6,The movie lived because of Won Bin.
1,There's nothing else to watch except Won Bin
5,Won Bin is so cool that I can't give him a rating like this. Probability
1,bursting the rating bubble
1,It's not fun
1,I think it's appropriate. Because of Won Bin... The story wasn't that badLOL
5,Won Bin is handsome... But the movie itself is not good. It's kind of... It's kind of forced
6,There is nothing to see except Won Bin
5,It's a pity that Won Bin's evaluation doubled because he was a Kkangkkang
1,The part-timers raised their scores so high
1,NAVER rating is based on fun and interest. Even movies like Wayback don't get 9 points
5,The original sin of a third-rate scenario...What a waste of a first-rate actor...What's the point of being good?
6,It overlaps with Taken
6,Won Bin's pronunciation is still like that... I wish I'd opened my mouth and talked to you. Nothing is coming in...
1,We have to kill the director who made this.
1,a clumsy sublime imitated by Man of Fire
6,There's nothing to see except action
1,They say that I don't like the smell of imitation
6,WONBIN's video pictorial with all kinds of provocative and bad topics. It's not enough. Perfect Won Bin
1,90% Taken
4,Compared to Taken...Four points
2,I was looking forward to it because of Won Bin. It's not that fun
4,Take a piece of...
6,I need to train my knitting skills...
3,A 2-hour portrait of Won Bin. I just want to give you a toothpick.
1,How can you make this into a movie and sell it?rubbish
1,It's not this bad...I think I need to lower the score a little bit...T
6,Then
6,I made it well for a Korean action movie. The content is honestly trash;
1,Korean movies always give high marks. It's a completely 'Man On Fire' sublime. Need to adjust the rating
4,The bad guy and the punishment... It's a simple dichotomy. I thought I was looking at Hong Kong's Rwanda in the 1980s.
1,I dozed off after watching a movie after a long time.
1,WONBIN 9.8 Action 8.5 Story is trash 0.01 point
1,A very common and boring film that seems to have squeezed Leon and Taken together
6,I like the action scene with the knife
6,Won Bin's form is too much to beat the gangsters!
1,A movie with about 7 points is appropriate.
6,Won Bin was cool and the action was cool I don't know.
6,Won Bin's one-man show. A movie with awkward acting skills and great action
1,The movie like OOO is not 9.23 but Won Bin is 9.23 so let's evaluate the movie objectively
6,a crude knitting of familiar scenes Uncreative blandness. It's just Won Bin's commercial
1,Why can't a girl act?Kids are good at acting these days.Other cast members are awkward with acting.I can't get into it
1,The rating is too high. Ggwa-guo
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before.
1,This movie has such a high rating. The story is really...
1,...Ugh.
1,U.S.S.S.S.Bom. I'm embarrassed that it was exported. B-list story made in America. Won Bin came out and became Class A on the Korean flight
2,It's a hero story that only women who are suffering from infantile regression and the nerds who are passionate about it
1,No way. Watch it for yourself. - You can't even compare your sweet life with your directing skills
1,That's absurd.
4,Won Bin or a movie that would have been ruined. Kill a man. Kill him. The end
1,A movie that only excites the audience with its provocative content. It will be fun thanks to you -_-
1,I enjoyed it
1,It's like a grade...
1,Why is this 9 points?
1,in the words of a Korean movie
1,I don't think it's a movie with 9 points
1,I thought it was fun.I've given up my eyes
5,It's such a typical story. Not good.
6,The plot itself is too cruel to sympathize with or watch. It feels more cruel because it's a Korean movie
5,It was so obvious that I was annoyed a few times. Won Bin was cool Let's lower the rating
1,I didn't see it. ^^ I'm a free senior because I can't watch it
1,It's too high. I'm going to lower
6,Impression is reduced in inverse proportion because of the movie's provocative material and violent production.
6,..............Action is fine. But I don't understand why you insist on forcing an action movie
6,B-list movie. It's not enough to be a movie that won an award. It tells the reality of Chungmuro.
6,Won Bin is just handsome.
1,How can such a cruel movie be so popular? I came out of the movie theater in an hour.
6,The movie is expected to end from the first 20 minutes.
5,That's so cruel.;;   I think it's just a cool movie for Won Bin
5,Won Bin is pretty much...But it's a line and a production...Never hot
5,senseless violence Won Bin looks light because he weighs too much
1,a sublime trick
1,Leon has a rating of 9 points. Just seven points is enough for you. How can this be 9 points?
1,There's nothing else to watch but Won Bin. It's obvious. It's obvious. = Trash + Won Bin
1,That's too generous
1,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
5,It wasn't good for an action movie.
4,Why is this rating so high? It's weird
5,I feel like I'm over-leveled with Leon
6,The movie is about Won Bin... I don't think it's that funny or boring... Did I flip it's?
1,It's the limit of Korean audiences watching movies
6,It's a little sloppy.
6,It's so cruel...It's hard to see with a baby.
6,The movie man who shows that the visual effects of Korean movies are as good as Hollywood movies is also handsome
6,It's a shame that Hollywood made so much of it. It's been a while since I've been to a foreign killer
6,I think the killer Ram Rowan was cooler. The Discovery of a Totally Stormy Actor
6,Leon Bourne Series: A Movie You Want to Follow Taken Somehow
1,The rating of 9.2 is a bit too much. 8.2 It shall be deemed appropriate. I give you a point to lower the average.
1,Pfft... It's a sloppy story with actions that seem like you've made up all the foreign movies
6,He's not an ordinary man
1,Won Bin is the only one I remember. Let's lower the rating
1,It's a mystery to Koreans who like bizarre things that come out in psycho and psycho
1,I saw Leon a week after I saw him. It's just cruel
1,It's not 9 points lol
1,I think a rating of 7.5 would be enough
1,Don't compare yourself to Leon. It's so obvious. Look at Won Bin
1,He chews and eatsYou're gonna end up shooting more. Are you kidding me?childish revenge
6,It's just a movie for Won Bin
3,Won Bin or a movie that you don't have a reason to watch. 7 points is perfect
4,I'll be honest with you.This is why Korean movies don't evolve
2,Why did I look so cheesy? Won Bin and I don't look good together
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,Won Bin is the only one who plays the drums and plays the janggu = accountant or secretary villain = wealth
6,Only Won Bin's action was worth watching.
3,I think you and Taken are very similar
1,Won Bin effect
1,a sloppy storyline WONBIN is so handsome
1,It's too high.
1,Does it make sense? Six points is perfect.
1,Why is the rating so high?
5,WONBIN looks so cool
1,Evidence that clearly shows the current level of Korean films and audiences
5,Won Bin Force alone got a rating of 9.25... I think the film itself is unique
6,an uncle's rebellion
4,a cliché and cliché film that exemplifies why Chungmuro cannot progress
6,It's too obvious. But Won Bin's new discovery
6,Did you mix Leon with the takeen? It's a total mess.
1,It's not up to 9 points. It's too high. 7 points is enough
1,be awfully cruel
6,Won Bin 4 points + Action Scene 2 points = The end
2,a familiar entertainment 9 points is too much. 7-8 points are appropriate.
6,It's not as simple as takeen. Takeen + Leon. Poor fake
5,Do you think you will still remember this movie after a few years?
5,Did the people who gave me 10 points watch Man On Fire after watching this movie?
6,A movie that I didn't screw up because of Won Bin
1,Why is a movie that doesn't have such a high rating?
1,For killing time
2,Damn. Korean audiences have a keen eye for movies. Story&Plot0/Production0/Support0/Acting0/Action2
4,Won Bin was the only one who liked it. The lines are cringe-worthy. A movie I couldn't feel anything about.
6,Ratings Comparison - Phantom of the Opera 8.4 / Million Dollar Baby 8.8 / King's Man 9.0 / Mission 8.9
6,You're invincible if you're in the Special Operations Department of the Military Intelligence Command. I can't hear what Won Bin's pronunciation is saying
5,What are you going to do about the ambassador's handling of North Korea?
1,I'm so pathetic because I expected this. Story?The best? Rubbish with nothing left
1,Over-emotional. Showing rustic style. Stinky lines... Let's lower the average
5,All of the acting stories are 2% short
6,Below Taken. Above the Man On Fire. Won Bin's one-man show stands out
1,Won Bin dodging all the bullets. It's such a cruel movie
6,Man on fire. It's a fake story. Make something new
6,I'm lacking 2% but Won Bin is cool
6,The rating is too high. It's really
1,We need to lower the rating
1,The score is too high. Let's cut it
6,Isn't this a movie?
6,10 points for Won Bin
6,It's just a cruel entertainment movie. It shows the level of Korean netizens
5,I don't know why this movie has a high rating. I think this came out too much
1,What's the difference between a movie like this and a third-rate gangster movie?
6,The rating is a bit too much
6,I don't understand why this is a rating of 9.26 and I almost feel betrayed.
1,Leon is funnier
1,cruelty
6,The story is very corny...WONBIN was cool
4,The action scene is worth watching
6,somehow
5,Let's evaluate the movie objectively. Disappointing in terms of completion compared to expectations
1,Obvious story. Won Bin's Ppasoon made it so that it's the score. Eight points is enough.It's worth seeing.
1,The fiction of NAVER's rating is well revealed
1,It's just Man On Fire
1,I dozed off while watching.
6,Dagger action was good.
1,a sensational half-star rating
4,It's as tasteless as bread that's past its sell-by date
1,I was looking forward to it. It's a really boring and thrilling movie. clumsy action
1,The score is too high. 6 points is just right
6,The ex-special agent's undeserved love for children ♥
4,It's a movie where the director follows poorly and shows his inability
1,It's a woman-only psychopathic movie about killing a male criminal
1,It's funny that Private Solka's discharged from the family service is a former special agent.
1,How do detectives look like employees of the Excitement Center? Were they brothers of the bad guys? I thought you were a partner
5,It's nothing more than a man-on-fire+taken+Leon well-done Axonnewar Won Bin float
5,It's not that...
6,It's just a movie like that kind of movie...For the killing time.
3,Is it a movie only for Won Bin? The lack of consistency in the characters. A movie that emphasizes only brutal violence.
5,Just an interesting movie. Nothing more or less. The last scene was childish.
1,I don't even like the action.When you bite the killer's mouth at the end...Ready! Action! It was obvious.
1,A movie with nothing but action
1,You filmed "Under the Sky Without Mom" in a really loud way.
1,I can't trust NAVER's score anymore
6,I'm not good at storytelling and I don't like both action and emotion
4,The Won Bin Show
3,Ehhhhh............. -
6,It's a movie about a man who feels relieved and uncomfortable Which country's 26th consecutive bullet wound is it from?
1,Why on earth did you win this movie award and why did you say it was funny?;; I don't think I should've done it
6,This is the self-portrait of Hollywood Kid living today. It's bitter...
1,It's been a while since I've seen a trash movie. I'm pathetic because I expected to see a movie like this
5,Man On Fire + Taken
3,I was disappointed when I thought about the Korean movie "Sweet Life". below expectations
1,It's too much fun
6,I think that's right for killing time...
6,I hope you'll thank Won Bin for his good sense of humor and bluffing
5,It's good to kill time...
1,My girlfriend made me cry -- This moo-saggy
1,Won Bin's acting made me cringe. What 80s noir are you filming?What's the point of being handsome?
6,Who compared it to the Man On Fire?
5,I don't know if it's because I saw it after I saw the Man On Fire.I think I saw it because of Won Bin's acting.
6,Similar to drawing. Won Bin is cool It's so cruel I don't want to see it again
6,The lines are too much.
1,If only another actor had done it
5,9.27?? This? It's higher than Taken's Man On Fire.Shut up! A movie for killing time
4,It would have been a disaster if I saw it at the theater
2,When will the part-timers disappear? It's a six-point movie.
3,Fun? Artistry?   Reality? Expectations?    ;;
1,It's worth looking at
1,Won Bin's acting is not good and I want to give a score to the director's directing skills.
1,This movie has a rating of 9? I can't believe it. 7 is a waste
5,It's different from the scenario. It's just like a cartoon
5,Taken's Composition (Slightly Modified) + Scene Other Movies = Mister
6,Won Bin got 100 points. Directed by 50 points. The coach scored 10 points. What would I have done if it wasn't Won Bin?
4,Won Bin doesn't need a director. Won Bin's main character movie!
5,Won Bin's solo action movie for killing time... Only the action was good.
6,It was worth watching
2,"Taken" 2 that doesn't need words
1,I had high expectations...
1,It was just worth watching!
6,A movie that imitates a movie that I used a lot in other countries...10 points for Josh Hartnet?
1,I don't know what it is.
1,I don't understand people who say it's funny--
1,The worst movie I've seen recently!
6,It's just like a model car that came out neatly.
4,I can't watch it...
1,A bully vs former special forces. You're no match for them. 1 point
1,This score is a bit too much;;;
6,the driving force behind an interesting narrative
1,That's cruel
1,Shameful imitation and plagiarism
1,Your rating is very exaggerated
1,I don't understand people who say this is fun... Are you going to watch a movie with your face because the song is not good enough?
1,It's just a look
1,I can give a rating without watching a movie.Can't I get 0 points for S B?
1,It's the worst movie ever
5,It's just worth watching
6,Martin Scorsese's taxi driver in Korean adaptation
1,My girlfriend's eyes changed after watching this movie.It's time to say goodbye!
1,This and the monster are ridiculous. If Hyun Bin was the main character?
1,In what case is this is... A cartoon with a good rating of 5...
1,The Korean Film Industry Is Trying to Save Korean Movies
5,Leon/Taken parody movie~ Obvious story~ Obvious content
1,I became a squid thanks to Won Bin
1,How can you get such a good rating? Summer time killer-like deterrence with distracting stories.
6,What's the difference between Man on Fire?
5,But I think I plagiarized Leon too much. The overall story is so similar to Leon
1,Rating 9.3... Let's see
1,It's a forced story. How can the story be so ridiculous?
6,The material was so boring...I don't do that just because I'm the guy next door.Oh
6,A movie that shows Won Bin uplifting.
1,Thank you
1,Mister--
2,a film of cruelty Was your relationship with Somi as much as your everything?
1,Because he's so handsome
1,It's not my cup of tea.
1,Korean movies are still far away Lack of creativity Film mix in many countries
1,0 points...
1,I'm afraid there will be copycat crimes.Maybe it's more cruel than necessary to incite crime.
1,Is there a zero point?
6,A movie for Won Bin
6,somehow
1,I broke up with my girlfriend after seeing you.I can't believe I'm comparing myself to Won Bin. I'm going to watch the Grand Prix.Kim Taehee
1,Young people who carelessly watch this movie and that movie... Let's think about it and live!
5,Won Bin's degraded acting skills. a Korean film that is staying in place
1,WONBIN killed all the villains. WONBIN lived. GFRIEND's housekeeping. Korean version of TAKEN
5,Korean movies should not be developed like this.
1,Man-on-Fire Plagiarism Ratings. Part-time job
6,Kim Saeron is cute
1,Eight points is good enough
6,A movie for Won Bin!
6,I think 9 points is too much
4,I guess my taste is minor. I can't relate or be moved at all.
6,I'll give you 6 points for Won Bin
1,Those who see this and give me 10 points...Hmm. Why did humans become so cruel?
5,There's nothing to see except Won Bin. Good and evil are also too confrontational and too cruel. an obvious movie
6,The shooting was really good...
3,The movie itself is not good. Does Won Bin make my heart flutter whenever I see him?
6,Let's distinguish between scenes that are worth watching from time to time for those who are rumored to be interesting
6,Hollywood-style composition of empty-handed punishment is now boring now.
4,Someone asked why the title of the movie is "The Man From Nowhere". I think we can just call it "Won Bin"
6,I'm glad to see the progress of the action scene. Won Bin is awesome. The end.
2,The movie that only Won Bin could watch...
1,The rating is higher than I thought.
2,A movie that would have been ruined if Won Bin didn't come out. Obvious story. A bit boring
4,It would have been fun if you hadn't seen Taken. But it really compares to Taken.
1,Why do you keep comparing it to Inception?
6,It's a movie with Won Bin. It's no different than "I saw a devil"
1,It's so cruel. contempt of life;;;;;
1,It's too cruel. There's nothing special about it. That's a very high rating.
4,It's just a Korean version of Man On Fire.Dakota is better as a child
6,It's a cliche.The main character who saves the whole movie?Won Bin is the only one who gets this rating.It's not that...
5,Annoyed by the disheartening music. I can't hear the lines. It's more annoying. But it's not bad to direct with Won Bin
2,The man is Neo? Agent Smith?
1,What do you mean 9.29? That's unbelievable. It's just an action movie. 5 points is appropriate
1,I don't know what's funny. He's a bully or Won Bin is acting like a jerk.
1,the worst
5,Leon + Takeen Jjambong movie... But how did you get 9 points?  Is it because of Won Bin? I think a 7 point range would be good
1,I hate the most horrible movie of my life that wrapped the killer up as a hero
6,There is nothing to watch except action in this series. The title of "Macho Man Won Bin" fits better.
6,a lack of probability in the story Taken is better.
1,The rating is too ridiculously high
2,It's a jjamppong movie with only Won Bin in it
1,This movie... The mixed-up movie that I dragged from that movie...
1,Won Bin is handsome. Why is the rating so high on the movie itself? It'believable
6,I don't understand why this movie has a rating of 9.29; 6.5 to 7 sounds perfect
1,Was my expectation too high? Won Bin is the only one who comes out cool and the story is weak.
6,It's not 9 points. It's just a B-rated movie that Won Bin came out cool
5,It's just not boring. How can such a poor scenario come out?
1,It's just like that
1,Was my expectation too high...I don't know
6,It's so cruel that I can't give you 10 points
1,Why. Should be so cruel. I don't know what I want to convey until the end.
6,...I don't really... I'm not interested. I'm just being cruel
1,It's a little boring.
6,It is 500000 times more fun than a deficit
1,Are you crazy? Where did the expert score go?
1,It's just a movie for Won Bin. There's no other movie to watch besides Won Bin
1,It's not fun.
1,It's so childishThe acting is not good and the story is not good enough. The conflict is simple
1,I think my hands and feet are going to disappear while watching Heo Yi Jae's acting. The other supporting actors also have only one bad acting. He's so stubborn. Deokja is the biggest villain in this movie.
5,a succession of punches
4,Isn't the rating too high? It's an obvious gangster movie with no content.
6,A movie that broke down because of a man named Mom
3,childish mob beautification Did you have to pretend to be so poor!
2,It's too cringe-worthy to look at now.
1,My academy teacher's acting is not good
6,a movie full of amazing side dishes
2,It's New Year's movie.I just felt bad
2,The last action scene is really?Sigh! It's so childish that my hands and feet are cringing!
6,It's too long to prepare for the last 10 minutes. Just watching YouTube extract is enough
2,Is this a movie? It's a waste of money to watch it for free
2,I don't choose based on my score.Well
2,Did you feel better if you made a typo like that?
1,1.3 million. I don't understand. I can't help but get emotional and hit 100 sweet potatoes. It's so hard to see
6,A movie I looked up because of memes.
6,Did you have to take everything like that to make you feel better?
4,There's a reason why a B-rated movie didn't make a big hit That's too bad. It's going well and it's going crazy at the end.
5,A drama about the 70's sensibility.70s
6,Those who call this a masterpiece are really stupid. How childish and low-level is this a masterpiece? Pathetic
1,I give a point to those who are criticizing because they's pathetic
1,It's not like this stupid movie has a rating of 9 or more.
6,Oh Tae-sik is back
1,I saw it because it was a masterpiece
5,More like a lady than an old man. It's not an action movie. It's a drama
5,1) A movie that makes you go crazy because of Kim Rae-won's acting. 3) A movie that makes you want to meet a good scenario and pray for his eyes again
1,There is a reason why Hannam is a movie of Hannam
1,I think a B-rated movie with 6 points is about 9 points? Is it the level of Korean movie audience or the power of Naver middle and high school students?
6,You're glorifying a bully.This kind of third-rate rascal is the most disgusting of the rehabilitation story
4,It wasn't funny... a tear-jerker
5,A movie that I watched five famous scenes on YouTube. I didn't see this far to see this. I wanted to.
6,Why are you killing me when I said I'm leaving? I'm so angry
4,It's not that
1,Why is the rating so high?
1,it's so... so boring.
6,Just an ordinary Korean movie full of emotions
4,Childish action scene...It's a waste of time.
1,Is there only gangster material in Korean movies? I'm sick of it.
1,Forced setup. Forced tears. The worst OST.
5,Scenario written by Kim Sungmo
1,I'm disappointed...
4,A movie with a lot of problems with the director's directing and script.
2,Who's seen this boring movie three times?
1,Why didn't you call him CEO Oh Tae-sik?
1,I don't really... Only Kim Rae Won is cool
1,?   Is this fun? Seriously?   It wasn't even touching.  It's boring and unrealistic
1,The Ozzy Bubble Cheesy Third-Rate Gangster Movie
2,It feels like I'm reading a third-rate novel on INNERNET
5,It's cringe-worthy.
1,Is this kind of forced emotion really fun? I couldn't stand it because it was cringy all the time I watched it. Is this the level of our country? Is this the best movie in Korea?
1,I can't relate to it at all. Zero reality
1,I'm so upset. I'm going to sell the restaurant and end it's old class
1,That's not so(Singing "S
5,It's kind of frustrating...You should've moved quickly
5,He's a hot-blooded man.
1,What the hell are the cops doing when they're doing that? And the sunflower lady was threatened because it was weird to keep the restaurant tight for no reason.
1,Why is this rating 9.2? Let's not make a dog pig monster.
1,Score 9.21 lol I hope NAVER's rating disappears
1,Poor composition with low-quality new wave and poor acting
5,The main character dies and the sad ending is sick and tired of it Now it is delayed OO One of the stereotypes of Korean movies The main character dies and I am sick and tired of the tragic ending
6,Please stop the forced new drama
5,Did you have to give me so many ratings?
1,The balance is so bad.  It's not some legendary cartoon character.  stimulating the sentiments of the 8th grade syndrome I guess the score is high
1,How can this OO movie score be more than 9 points? I watched it in the middle because it was childish.You'll drool if you watch a Hollywood gangster movie with a dot-level alpacino
4,It looks like a bubble movie.
1,a 1950s film made in 2006
3,Examples of misdirected productions that rely solely on exaggerated narratives
1,A movie is not a masterpiece just because it's fun  Let's raise the level of netizens. 6 points is appropriate for this movie
5,A contrived setting dulls even the emotions
1,The storyline is crazy and it's like a Korean movie
2,Kim Rae-won's acting is a shame. The story is even more disappointing.
6,Learning skills are the most important.
6,Family + Noir + Sinpa pushing to tear up
1,It would be a waste of money and time for people who watched the worst movie at the movie theater
4,I can't concentrate on the movie all the time because of Heo Yi-jae's clumsy acting like a TV commercial in the 1970s. The last duel scene is too unrealistic to look at.
6,It's cool to hold your fist until the end.
6,Likeable order Latest net score High net score Low net score
1,You don't need to say much? Do you agree that it's a masterpiece?
1,I really don't understand why this movie is receiving such good reviews. It's not enough to move on to Kim Rae-won and Kim Hae-sook's acting
1,Ruined. A typical Korean-style gangster movie. I recommend those who don't know English to watch this many times
1,This is Kim Rae Won's Terminator.
1,Poop movie. What if we make a new drama in Noir? There is no need to listen to the opinions of the Gatissens. A lesson that tells you that a ruined movie is over as it is.
1,The story is like OO. It's a sudden development and a third-rate movie
1,I really don't understand why this movie has such a high rating. I was so frustrated and bored watching the movie that I was going to die of. And the last fighting scene. I just laugh and give 10 points to people who say it's a masterpiece
1,What kind of movie is this rated so high?
1,My goal is to cut the average. I'm just an attention seeker
4,It's less likely... Out of the blue... Like a third-rate cartoon
6,Just know that women don't like men who pretend to be strong. I hate it when it's not realistic.If only Kim Rae-won's acting was outstanding...
3,It's like a Korean movie. Acting is good.
6,a neo-fascist gangster It's possible in Korea
6,It's a story that seems like you've made an excuse to explode your anger. Did you have to go this far?
6,I guess people like this kind of course.
1,I'm depressed... I didn't watch it until now because I thought you'd be like this. That's why I don't want to watch Korean movies.
1,It's a waste of a point
1,Don't pay for a third-rate movie. It's a waste of money
1,Fooled by the rating... -_-; I was looking forward to your action. I could've seen the last half hour. It's just a drama until the last half hour.
1,Let's lower the rating. It's too high for a movie for entertainment.
1,a third-rate movie with nothing in it
1,Let's get the rating right.
1,It's a movie full of looks that teenagers with 8th grade syndrome would like.
1,Rating... Other than the last scene...
1,It doesn't make sense;; I think they're middle and high school students. It's crazy that such a childish movie got 9 points.
4,What if she went crazy while playing the game?
4,It would have been nice if the movie was well-being.Childish Pppongjjak
1,Sigh... How can this be 9 points?
3,a low-level film How the hell did he get over 9 points?
5,I saw it in a trite way. a typical Korean drama
5,I don't get drunk on old-fashioned emotional stimulants
1,It's a very cheesy macho movie.
1,...sigh... //
1,The only good thing about this movie is that the main characters Kim Rae-won and his mother and daughter's acting were not bad.
1,It's such a childish movie... It's weird for people who put the main characters in the movie and say it's a masterpiece
2,I was bored to death
1,The story is a waste of forced setting.
1,Rating: Part-time job bubble... It's a scam
5,Typical example of a movie that torments the main character to squeeze out tears. I'll give you two stars for Kim Rae-won and half for Kim Hae-sook. There's no such thing as Heo Jae.
4,It's kind of annoying to keep driving me to despair for the last Gao scene.
3,The story is quite empty and simple... I'm getting the impression that the connection of events is not natural.
5,The rating is fair
6,I can't get rid of the bland feeling.
4,The acting of Heo Yi-jae is so awkward;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
4,4.0 (10 character limit)
6,Is the story exceptional or is the action sophisticated?Emotions are obvious. Good and evil are at odds with each other.
1,a film that doesn't leave much memory
1,have an unusually high rating  It's not that serious
5,I really enjoyed the movie itself.If you look at Kim Rae-won...I can't get into it.Tae-soo in the movie is not a washed-up gangster.He just acts like a fool.That's a bit disappointing...
1,That's 9 points. - Lower the rating
6,an ordinary Korean gangster movie
6,Characters who can't relate to the excessive setting are cringy noir
1,It's really bad. It's like kids. Are they teenagers? That's the worst. It's a forced story. It's a forced story
3,I can't believe I'm suddenly the best again while pretending to be an idiot.It's like making a gutter story and putting only cool characters in it
1,I don't feel anything
3,It's not a masterpiece
1,Not many gangsters are good at fighting Such unrealistic movies have a negative impact on teenagers
1,a rustic macho film
1,The last action scene is really trash... The consideration of the villains who kindly attacked one by one stood out
1,It's a mess. It's a complete nonsense. I can't believe this is the level of poop arson
1,He's in the public interest
1,Just for the fun of watching Heo Yi Jae
1,It's unnecessarily overrated. Korean movies for elementary and middle school high school students
5,It's a disappointment. It's more disappointing than I expected because it's more than 9 points
1,It's just trash. It's not...
1,I don't know. I wonder if this is a movie.
4,clumsy action
3,I personally don't like the story...Out of the blue.
6,A movie that only showed Kim Hye-sook
1,The only movie that disappointed me when I went to the movie theater. A third-rate movie. Can't you give me a zero point?
1,What kind of movie is this? -_-
1,I'm bored. I don't like action.
1,Let's stop watching movies like this
5,A bit too much setup and a lack of probability
4,That's weird. It's really boring. The story doesn't have much probability...It's not that exciting. It's not that touching. What's this rating?
4,a lack of probability
1,The movie is childish
1,This is not an old-fashioned movie.
1,outstanding in acting
5,At least five points were due to Kim Rae-won's performance.
5,I don't like gangster movies anyway
1,There's nothing else to watch but Kim Rae-won's acting
1,I feel uncomfortable. So annoying
6,Six points
6,Thank you. I'll adjust the score
4,It's a movie with an obvious story
2,It's not fun
1,Fooled by ratings...
1,It's not even two masters. What is this?
1,It's pretty old and quirky
1,Bad people... I hate...
5,Clementine's nightmare comes to mind
1,That's so childish. That's too much
1,7 points is good enough...Roommaewon is really good at acting.
6,Why is the rating so high? ;;
6,an obvious third-rate movie wrapped in emotion
5,It's a forced story.
6,Touched and clichéed. But it's worth seeing.
6,Why is it so sloppy?
5,It's worth watching once
1,Kim Raewon. Just Kim Raewon. The only thing to see is Kim Rae Won. The rating is 9.2? Who are you making fun of?
1,It's not a 9-point movie.The problem is that the Korean audience is so emotional...
6,It was just...
1,No sunflowers. Why is the title so boring?
1,Look at the rating. It's going to come.I know what kind of people you're talking about.Touching? The extreme of force and exaggeration!
1,It was a movie that was not much different from any other third-rate gangster movie because of its obvious story. It's a waste of time.
1,Are you kidding? Is this movie 9 points? 1 point because of Kim Raewon's bad acting
5,Although it's a movie...It's like seeing the current state of Korea... It's annoying to hold it in
1,Drunken tickets? Is it elementary school students who get 9 points?
1,Dewar's Nightmare
1,Look at that mean thing. Why do you think I'm a dot? lol
1,Sunflower (Korea/2006) = Unforgiven (US/1992) exquisite plagiarism!!!
4,I can't believe it's a movie made by a director who made the president of the Red Chamber. It's too low
5,Action is a moving comedy with no sense of urgency.
6,It's not touching. It's a story that doesn't bring out empathy.
5,It's a poor production.
4,Loss of credibility and fun due to lack of probability and necessity
1,Definitely terminator when skin is removed
1,Are you kidding me? I don't think 9.18 makes sense.
1,I can't believe the rating is 9.18... A score of 0.918 is enough.
5,I think I came out too stupid. In the middle of it at first; it seemed meaningful but it didn't suit me.
1,I was tricked...
5,What is it?
1,I don't think there was anything else to watch except Kim Rae-won's acting.A sloppy storyline that doesn't fit the rule of law.Disappointed.
1,a 116-minute soap opera
1,Why are there so many people praising Kim Rae-won? I guess he has a good background. Worship this kind of movie;
1,The worst 9 movies that middle school students will ever praise
5,What's this embarrassing rating?Haha
1,What's this rating? -- It was a third rate...
1,A movie that pushes everything to the extreme.
1,I couldn't concentrate on the movie because of Ho Yi Jae. I gave a big role to an actor who wasn't ready
5,That's a great job. I can't believe I got 9 points.
4,Don't go overboard. Your overreaction is giving me goosebumps
4,I don't know. It's a modern new drama It's not that...
4,People in our country like this poor thing movie: It's the same as when we're at home
6,I have shown a mild reaction to the film.
6,It's a rating bubble.  7 points is enough
1,I think there's a lot of likes and dislikes.
5,It's just a typical... one of the many conventional and cliche Korean films
5,The movie was boring and Heo Yi-jae's acting in the Korean book was annoying all the time
1,I think the rating is too high. I think 7.5 would be enough.
1,How can this movie get a 9.2 rating?
1,Fun movie. But Jung Sung Jun failed to cast as an extra
6,Why is it so high?
6,Only the actors' acting is good!
5,What is this?
6,That's not good.
5,It's just... Isn't it something we always see?
6,Why is the rating so high?
1,Adjust the rating
1,I can't believe this punk movie is in the 9th grade. Everyone has different tastes
6,a child of darkness
6,I think I've seen this movie somewhere
1,That's a good movie. Kim Raewon. Public service
1,a ridiculous rating
1,Korean movies have too high a rating. 7 points for trash is enough
1,It's not fun. Don't raise the rating by solving part-time jobs
1,--not funny..
3,A gangster movie that netizens will like... Phew~ How can this be 9 points?
5,A movie that isn't worth renting a screen. This trend is enough for a drama.
6,A cop who doesn't do sloppy stories and dirty gangster movies
6,It's just normal...
1,Is it because a plausible commercial movie has a higher rating than a masterpiece?
1,Don't be fooled by the rating.
6,There's nothing to watch except for Kim Raewon's acting I don't understand this rating.
1,One of the Korean movies that I personally hate... be taken for a rating...
6,It's not very interesting.
1,I don't know what's touching
1,It's too high
1,This movie made me cry. I'm so annoyed
1,This is too much. You have to balance it out
5,Ridiculous rating... it was far fetched and awkward the whole time.
1,It's so obvious that it's childish
6,I don't want to give a high score because the story is a bit sloppy
4,I give 4 points because of my acting skills. What is it? Really... Phew...
4,LOL A movie that only sticks to the emotions of ordinary people... Pairan and Zol are comparable
1,I don't know why this movie has 9 points. It's a bad movie like a drama game
1,an incomprehensible rating
1,1.common story 2.common character personality 3.common touching 4.common acting 5.common directing 6.common ending 7
6,A rather cliche new drama that didn't penetrate deeply into emotion.
1,The rating is crazy
5,It's just a typical gangster movie
1,How is this possible?
6,Kim Hae-sook and Heo Yi-jae's acting was good. Kim Rae-won was too set up
1,The rating is too high
6,Kim Raewon's acting...Director's directing skills...It's too much.It's a bit disappointing
1,1.common story 2.common character personality 3.common touching 4.common acting 5.common directing 6.common ending 7
6,I don't know if this movie is 9.15.
4,I really don't like this kind of story
5,The director's excessive enthusiasm for the completion of an excessive and unnecessary murder scene to maximize revenge
1,There is no probability and there is a tendency to push it too far All that's worth seeing is Kim Raewon's acting skills
1,Trash movie... Retro style in the 70s. It's so touching
1,Only Kim Rae Won is cool
1,It's a trash movie that doesn't get anything right with the obvious story. I can't believe this is in the 9th grade.
5,I'm so sick of this kind of story.
1,I don't understand.;;;
1,It's a movie that's hard to understand. It's a movie that treats viewers like fools
4,How can this movie get 9 points? -_-;;;; There is no content...
1,This is really not it
1,A movie that made me promise not to watch Korean movies in theaters again
5,Is it such a good movie? My friend and I watched it and felt dull and bad
3,Was it all about bringing together a man of revenge?
5,Just a movie worth watching
1,Kim Raewon's acting is really good. It's a little sad for women. The content is not very;;;
1,Is this nonsense funny?
5,What is it? It's a martial arts movie. It's 100 percent
5,It's so tacky. I'm getting goosebumps
1,The score is too high
5,What can I do with Shinpa in the year of double 8? 9 points? 5 points for Kim Raewon's acting
5,This movie is the first movie that makes me feel frustrated and annoyed.
4,a far-fetched production towards the end
1,It's an obvious story. It's a ridiculous story. Why is the rating so high?Absurd.
5,Huh? I was just...
5,A really light film. The only thing that left an impression is blood.
6,An expected ending to a cliche story. Heo Jae's acting is the worst... Do I read Korean books?
1,It's weird that the movie has a rating of over 9 points
6,Kim Rae-won grew up well.
5,a half-movie
1,Sometimes you need to talk to critics.
2,Story. It's too obvious and a leapfrogue
1,Kim Rae-won is dealing with so many gangsters alone. It reminds me of Hong Kong action's lie
1,It's a waste to give a point to a story that's so obvious
1,Why is this trash movie rated so high? I thought it was a different movie
1,It's a bit far-fetched and the story is boring
1,I started not to believe NAVER's rating after watching this
1,This is also a movie. A rubbish movie that is not completely realistic.
5,an old-fashionedness
3,I can't tell action movies apart.Why are they all cops or gangsters?It's not enough to say it's a drama
2,It's just a gangster movie. The last fight scene was funny
1,It's a gangster movie
1,Don't be fooled by the netizens' ratings. Look at the professional score. It's extremely illogical.
6,The actors' acting is good!
5,It's not touching at all.
5,A film made in moderation following the popularity formula of a gangster movie.
6,Why is this 9 points again?
1,This is really... Is this really worth 9 points? A movie like the memory of murder?
4,A depressing movie.
1,This movie... That movie... It's obvious that it's jjamppong.
1,I'm not as funny as I thought.
1,A gangster movie that sends the cruelty that can't be in the family.Please refrain from it
1,It wasn't that good. Why is the score so high?
1,I was annoyed because I had my last duel at the theater...She's not some kind of filial piety
5,It's hard to act inside. Kim Rae Won's acting skills are 9 points. 1 point for trite scenarios such as gangsters and newbies
1,A movie with a lot of coincidence. But is this a hero movie? This bottle of trash
6,I was just sad.
4,I wish the police hadn't come out
1,Netizen ratings and expert ratings are extreme. It's a movie for low-level netizens
6,The movie that made me watch the actor Kim Rae-won again
6,I made it unrealistic because I valued the lesson.
1,As expected of Korean movies! That's that! That's that!
1,That's why Korean movies are so obvious. The experts are the experts!
6,The second half was really disappointing
5,Trash is trash.
1,I dragged it too much...
6,The only movie I can watch is Kim Rae Won.The delivery process is totally wrong
6,It is a typical Korean movie. It's boring.
4,Does it end in violence?
1,It's a projection crew movie or a third-rate gangster movie. Please don't come out with a movie
5,It seems like the content is very weak for 15 years old.
1,LOL I'm generous
3,an unskilled gangster movie compared to a well-made gangster movie
1,There's not a single expert rating wrong
6,The police really aren't. a sweet copy of life
1,It's enough to break the 9 point mark on Naver -_-
6,Probable but unrealistic? Possible but ridiculous disappointment except for acting
1,I was so touched by the squeezing story.I can only sigh.
2,Everything except acting is perfect for Korean people who like poor vicarious satisfaction
2,This is a gangster movie. What's wrong with you guys?
6,I don't like the ending.
6,Yawning for 105 minutes and shining for 10 minutes...
3,The gloomy future of the movie industry... I just sighed when I saw the reactions.Elementary students
1,the essence of rating manipulation
1,The worst movie of my life
3,It's too high.
1,Wow! The love from Kim Raewon's fans is too much LOL
1,You still make this kind of movie these days... 1 point because of the ridiculously high rating.
4,There are only three actors to watch It's a movie that brings professional reviews
1,I've never felt so cheated
1,I've never seen a professional review so touching
5,You mix pizza with soybean paste soup with clumsy humor and good sense of directing.
1,The rating is ridiculous. I can't believe it. It was a waste of money
1,The rating of 9 is ridiculous.It's exactly 6.5.So I give you 1 point
1,I'm sure the expert rating is accurate
3,Organic well-being noir raised in a greenhouse. The piano is full of blood.
6,I'm not that touched.
3,It's a bit over-reacting. It's a super revenge drama. It's a stimulating story. I've only seen big fans
1,the snout of a lion laid to rest in its motherhoodObvious neo-faith discomfort to join the bloodbath of anger.
6,Kim Raewon's acting skills alone gave him 6 points.script and directing that was nothing new
6,Kim Rae-won was a Superman.
4,There is nothing new.
1,What's wrong with the grade B movie?
5,an obvious new drama
1,What is trash?
6,Repentance. Did I have to finish this topic like this?
4,It's more obvious than expected. Actress's acting is not good
5,I'm sick of stories that try to impress you like this
6,A good scenario...a bad production
6,I can't believe this is in the 9-point range. an emotional movie
3,What is this... I was cursed at for setting fire at the end...
1,I give you 1 point because the actress is pretty in the gangster movie "Standard.
1,It's so forced. It's a trash movie that can't even give hope.Does despair produce despair?
5,The rating is too high.The last one was so far-fetched and childish Kim Rae Won's acting is good
6,The experts aren't wrong.Kim Rae-won's acting was worth watching.
5,You failed in both the scene and action scenes. So you only dig a Han well? Kim Raewon's acting skills are amazing
6,A movie that's good enough.Who is the martial arts director?You're so annoying!
6,Kim Rae-won's acting is worth watching. But it's a pity that it's a story that's out as a gangster
3,Slow tempo noir. Climax ballman
5,A movie that NAVER elementary students would like
4,It's ridiculous to force the movie of the U.S. president into the Joseon Dynasty.Gwanghaegun's ignorance of politics is even more amazing.Han Hyo-joo was good.
1,The tyrannical fanatic glorification film Gwanghaegun is actually a tyrant.
2,The scene where the king pooed on the plum frame while watching the court ladies is the best
3,Mixed Plagiarism New Wave PCworm
1,It's seriously no fun. This kind of movie has a nine-point rating. It shows the level of popular movies in Korea
6,There is nothing beyond Kagemusha Borrowing. Falling probability Intuitive storyline. an unfortunate piece of work that leads the actors to acting
5,It's normal...
2,It wasn't that much fun.
1,I can't stand being sexy right now
6,Stop Lee Byung-hun's acting skills and his humanity as a true person and his eloquence!! This country is famous!It made me realize the importance of our Korean people
2,It's like watching a fake Lee Kangseok case.
5,It was just a movie to watch
1,I got stars for plagiarism. A plagiarism movie like "The Ultimate Arms Bow."
1,It's the movie Dave Plagiarism.
1,Traditional movie plagiarism and CJ's contrived record of 10 million
1,10 million... Korean movies...Is this reality?
6,Red bean porridge politics that captivates your heart with red bean porridge
6,Was I the only one bored and childish?
1,Dave Plagiarism from 1993. The rating is too high
1,It's not fun at all
2,How did this movie become a movie with 10 million viewers? It wasn't funny enough.
1,Praise the plagiarism movie.1 point is because there's no 0 point
1,It's a well-made but plagiarized movie
5,90 points for a movie and 30 points for a historical drama
5,A simple political historical drama with a rough second half story. Lee Byung-hun's acting takes him by the collar.
6,If it was just like that
6,to dream of more equal animals
1,Don't glorify the insane Gwanghaegun
6,The film is flat because the plot is so poor with opposition forces. The impact is weak. But I like the theme and the lines. The theme of "respecting the people" seems to point out the past Park Hye-sa incident.
6,It's not special. It's a simple story
1,I don't know. I don't think the rating is this high.
1,I'm going to extend the screenings by glorifying historical figures.A movie that you want to hit 10 million hearts
1,How long will the plagiarism problem of Korean movies be hushed?
1,Do you know that Minhae plagiarized the American movie Dave (1993) and you're rating it?
1,It's a waste of 1 point. The reason why Korean movies don't work
1,The movie "Dirty Plagiarism" is a four-month extension of the movie "Dave Plagiarism" and "Lee Byung-hun" and "Director" are embarrassed to receive an award
1,Han Hyojoo is so pretty^
1,I enjoyed the good movieK
1,Why is there no Piaget in this movie? Roh Moo Hyun made it because he liked it so much. Roh Moo Hyun Why did he steal Piaget?
1,I don't want Lee Byung Hun to come out. It's a waste of download capacity
1,Lee Byung-hun and Han Hyo-joo are the main characters?
4,A movie that wasn't very impressive.
1,I personally enjoyed watching the movie. There's something that's not done yet.
1,This movie is a hard carry by two actors
1,This is a Lunar New Year special.Are you kidding me? You thought I saw everything for free?It's dirty... You're treating me like a beggar
1,It was a movie with no problems. Lee Byung-hun and Han Hyo-joo were shaking
1,Han Hyo-joo's bad acting. She's so bad at acting
1,Adjusting ratings...Let's open it
1,Overrated movie...
1,It's just for killing time. Bored in the middle.
5,an overrated film Don't expect too much
1,Was this fun?
1,It wasn't realistic
4,I think it's a movie that I watch once
1,I didn't look.  LOL.O
2,A cliche movie that had nothing to watch except Lee Byung-hun's speech.
6,I really enjoyed the movie "Gwanghae" and I learned the true story of Dave
6,I don't know where to find fun
1,Kwang-hae - only for money and popularity? It's bitter.
1,Is Han Hyojoo that amazing? I can't even act...
1,There's no such thing as a trusted actor in the world!
1,Don't rerun the Lee Byung-hun playboy movie on CGV.  Why do you keep replaying unsavory celebrity movies that apply to adultery?
1,I don't understand why this rating is so high
1,A guy who's a pervert
5,wonder at the excessive favorable reviews have nothing to do with politicians
1,Shameful movie that burns my face.It's going to be fun.
5,It wasn't good... Why is the score so high? What's with the crazy number of viewers?
1,It's a disgrace to Korean movies.a final-weapon-grade plagiarism
2,I can't relate to it because I put in so many things to impress them and I feel exaggerated and forced.
1,It only consolidated my bad impression of Korean movies. Just in case...
1,to have a high rating
4,I can't believe it's 10 million.
1,You should be ashamed of your extraordinary plagiarism!
1,I don't understand why you say it's funny
1,- It's like plagiarism. - I want to give you a point
1,It's not that funny
4,What is this... It's cringe-worthy and annoying the whole time! I'm so touched by the obvious third-rate joke
5,I think it's just a flat piece.
1,An example of the level of Korean culture that 12 million people saw Dave's plagiarism fake
6,The last 10 minutes...
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
2,He laughed at the excessive production that squeezed his emotions.
4,It wasn't fun to watch because I didn't care about hanbokI liked Han Hyojoo
1,a seven-metre trash movie
6,The problem is that the direction of Korean directors is too simple...It would have been nice if I could make a more dramatic and tense production of the audience.That would increase your immersion rate.Add more suspense and tense action...
5,An overrated movie.It's just a beautifully wrapped...a pretentious movie
6,It's easy to do the basics by imitating similar movies.
1,Byungheon is amazing! There's nothing else!
5,I'm so glad to see you on KBS
5,I guess everyone was touched by other people's comments.Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot.
3,old age
1,It's not up to 9 points. It's a movie
1,not much
1,I don't understand this crap movie has a rating of nine
1,It's so cornyIs politics that simple? The writer needs to study history more
6,Taste likes and dislikes in accordance with the film determine a lot.
1,Yes
1,This movie is also overrated...
2,a plagiarism of the American film Dave All the settings are so much the same.
4,moderate plagiarism and moderate crudeness And CJ's trick to fill the audience.
6,a fairy tale for adults
1,Are you getting an award for copying an old American movie?
1,Copied movie. It's not funny. Lee Byung-hun's neck-tight movie doesn't change.
1,1.It is similar to the American movie Dave. 2.Lee Byung-hun's acting is not good. 6 points is enough
1,afterwards
2,It's a movie that teaches you to make it when you make it
3,That's normal. I can do two things.
1, feel sleepy
5,Is this a 9.2 point movie?
1,go over the mark.It is a movie that is seasoned according to Korean sentiment by moving Dave's frame The actors' acting was good.
6,How to make well-made with the same material as "I'm King Rosso".
1,I stepped on the poo. Why am I so boring? It's not fun and I feel touched artificially. Am I the only outsider?
1,Don't be fooled
4,Isn't it too childish to be stabbed at the last minute to save a fake guy?
5,It's like a mixed bag. I don't know what to watch.
1,A game of cowardly CJ support.
4,Was my expectation too high...It wasn't good
1,It was fun. But the score of 8 is just right
2,Is the genre comedy?a light society
6,I don't think it was as good as I expected. The contrived aspects stand out too much.
1,Lee Byung-hun's character is also awkward...It's not very spectacular.I'm feeling down.
1,Toilet is acceptable. The rest is just like that
6,the standard of lessons and humor
1,Is this Alba paradise; the ending fizzles; adding a simple comedy element; just barely worth watching for killing time; what's so funny about it?
6,It's fun to see beautifully drawn old buildings in Korea
6,It's not good
5,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. I think it'll be fun if you don't look forward to it
6,Why is the rating so high... I don't like the taste of the public. I couldn't get rid of the feeling that I had expected too much or less.
1,9 points is too much
5,an overrated work
2,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? Hmm...
1,Plagiarism? I'm very disappointed...
1,I don't think it's a movie that will reach 10 million viewers.K
6,It seems to have glorified the mine too much as a holy army
6,Dave must have been Gwanghae of Joseon in his previous life
6,It's perfect for a killing time. It's not boring enough.
5,Is it because I was looking forward to it too much?
6,It's like an ordinary historical drama comedy romance movie.
1,an emotionally biased film with no logic at all
1,I don't know what's the difference between Kakemusa and Dave. Was it a hit because it was pretty? Because Lee Byung Hun is good at acting? Because the character is new? I guess I don't know how to watch movies
1,It's too forced.
5,Roh Moo HyunThe only thing that resembles Gwanghae (Haseon) is whether it is noisy. Why on earth did Moon Jae In cry thinking of Roh Moo Hyun?
4,a fictional film that incorporates history from the perspective of this age Comic stories that are totally incomprehensible considering the times.  Only Lee Byung-hun's performance was good.
6,It is a daily drama-level movie that can be easily seen in a daze. It's getting cringe-worthy as the second half goes on.It is a content that I never sympathize with when I think about the tightly packed emotions and status system of the Joseon Dynasty.
6,It's full of fun. I'm not sure about the artistry
5,It's an absurd story
6,I enjoyed watching it
6,Ryu Seung-ryong is the best
1,It's just a Korean movie
3,Much less fun and perfection than is known
1,It's not... It's a bit too much.But this is how it's supposed to attract men and women of all ages.
6,a movie worth watching
4,Why is it so high?I don't understand!!! It's strange...
1,It's so unrealistic and sad...   It's too idealistic. I'm not touched
1,Why is the rating so high? It's weird... I don't think this is right. 7 or 8 is not good enough
1,Pathetic.
6,That's funny. That's all. I can't accept the rating.
6,a lack of probability
6,It's just like that
5,Ryu Seung-ryong has the same line tone in every movie he appears in. The shiny foam is going to go out. lol
1,It was just boring.
4,It wasn't very interesting
4,Did you really enjoy it?
6,They said it wasn't very interesting
1,not much
4,This is 12 million. That's not good. Laughing. Touching? It's not that special... Can't you just leave politics and make it a little bland?  The movie itself is a style that doesn't like. Conservative kids are a movie made for the left to watch. You might think so. It doesn't seem like a box office hit.
1,Do I have to make it like this to get more than 10 million? Audiences also play a big role in ruining Korean films.
6,The content of Wang Yi Lo So Da is almost like...
1,Thieves or the main culprits in Gwanghae or Korean movies
5,I give 5 points to the actors' acting. I don't understand why they swept away all the awards
1,not much
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,I'm raising the rating again It's too high
1,Plagiarism Film Wins 15 Grand Bell Awards
1,-_-;;;; I can't relate to the rating review. I think it's a part-time job.
5,Why did I do that?It was obvious
1,The screening is over
1,Rating? Why is it so high? It's not that different from scissors hands
1,A movie with a lot of foam.
1,I know it's fun but it's too much
1,What are you doing?
1,What if director Dave watches this movie?
6,Anticipated story... But it was worth seeing as the actors' great acting.
1,I don't really...The plot was clear and the development was far-fetched. I wish it was a movie that made me feel more in my heart than words.
1,It's not a movie that's going to be 15 times LOL
1,I don't really...The plot was clear and the development was far-fetched. I wish it was a movie that made me feel more in my heart than words.
1,It's really good. I think it's definitely the number one Korean movie this year
5,Not as much as I thought. Bubbles...
2,Bubble-filled Korean Film Limits
1,The most trashy movie ever with 10 million viewers
5,It's nothing but actors' acting
1,The rating is too high. It's not to this extent
1,Jam piggyback sound
5,I don't know what's fun and what's artistic It's just a third-rate
5,It's really boring... Why is it over 9? Not fun with obvious endings
5,I watched this movie first and then Dave later. I should have seen Dave first. It is a pity that such a movie has attracted a huge audience and won all the awards at the Korean Film Festival.
1,a blatant copy of the Japanese master's movie 'Kagemusha'
1,What kind of movie is it?That's not fun.Mr. Song...
3,Don't put it down. It's a monopoly
1,It's... It's not like that.
6,It's bland from start to finish
1,Dave 100% plagiarized OOO movie
6,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9 or more.Comic and touching.I think it'll be okay to have some time to spare
1,I don't want to be dragged to Bongcheon-dong after watching the movie well.
1,Winning promotion. Winning part-time job.
1,The seven squares are more interesting. It's so obvious. It's not fun It's really not funny.
3,It wasn't fun
3,Dave Remake...  Why can't you say it's a remake?
1,What's wrong with Korean movies these days?
1,They say it's fun. I think 8 points is enough
1,Very disappointing compared to what I expected.
5,I felt what King Barun was and it was fun
5,G and B
1,Just.
1,It's not fun.
1,I'm just like that's all.Is it really worth this much?
4,It's a movie that I don't understand what's interesting and why it's so popular
5,Director Kim Ki-duk deserves to be upset
5,It's not like I'm sweeping the table
5,I won too many awards. I don't know much about movies
1,Remove the foam. A movie that will make you embarrassed when you go abroad.
4,The 1993 movie "Dave" has almost the same structure and character. "Shame on you!!!"
1,Well...
1,One point
1,NAVER's score smells like fabrication.
5,a waste of money
3,Not a very interesting movie.I don't understand why people are going crazy when Lee Byung-hun's acting is not so funny.Will the novel be interesting?
2,Did the movie theater only turn on Gwanghae? How did we get more than 10 million hearts?
1,The expert down there says the story is solid.With a plagiarized movie...Plagiarism movies are so popular that everyone is plagiarism... OO
1,I was bored.
6,It was worth watching! My mom said it was fun and Ryu Seung-ryong said it was cool.But the evaluation is a bit low!
1,...it's a trick.It's a bit too much.
2,I strongly recommend the werewolf boy!
6,It's always like that. Make Korean movies minus 2 pointsIt's so hard
5,Is the movie special or Gwanghaegun special?
1,This is your level
1,The thoughtless audience is overdoing 10 points. The film has a good rating of seven.
5,I was just like that
6,I honestly don't know why this movie is fun.I fell asleep while watching a movie.Acting is good
1,I just don't like this pervert.
6,I think I expected too much It wasn't as fun as I expected. Was it this fun to have a high rating?It begs the question that
1,It's worth seeing...But isn't the bubble too much?
1,not very interesting
1,This is the level of a Korean film critic. Hah!
2,Hm... Boring. Like a forced smile? It's childish. The story isn't solid.
4,Following the king's man... The movie will attract 10 million viewers and give a generous rating.
1,It was just...T
1,Wow
1,What should I say? It's like a film version of the life story of a very crazy king.
2,A film that can feel the power of the distributor.
1,It's similar to the movie "I'm a King"...
5,It wasn't that fun for 10 million.So 5 points!
6,Roh Moo Hyun What Bbadori will like
1,I don't like the fact that I felt the tyranny of the distributor
1,Over 10 million viewers?Hah!
1,I think the rating is too high. It's just like that. Like a TV drama.
2,Lee Byung-hun fed him.
1,It's worth watching
5,I was so happy to wake up in the second half of course
1,It's overrated. It's 10 million
1,I don't like it. There are so many interesting movies.
1,The best wolf
5,easy to see
3,A movie that wasn't fun...
5,I don't think it was a movie that deserves such a generous score. What's wrong with you guys?
6,Did you like Lee Byung-hun's acting? I can't feel the beat because I'm forced to work together and make the audience laugh and move.I'm sorry.
1,I think it's overrated because of the presidential election. 7 points is appropriate
1,8.1 is an appropriate score... 9.3? I can't believe it LOL
1,That's awesome!
1,I don't know if it's a movie up to this point
1,I'm not sure about that. I hope that the aftermath of the movie will not obscure the essence of this movie.
1,9 points is too much. rating adjustment
1,...not much
1,It's not that...
1,an unanswered movie
1,Rubbish. Speak with confidence.
2,It's not fun. It's annoying that you try to force me to move. I only did a lot of commercials. I don't understand this and that in common sense.
1,It's the reality of CJ's part-time job. People who buy points with money
1,What's the criteria for selecting the grand prize? Is he an actor? Audience? I don't think it's workmanship or acting skills... What is it?
1,Over
1,About 7 points? But I'm going to cut down on the 15th grade because it's too much.What did you do that you didn't get any of those great movies and Kwanghae swept them away.
1,I think it's a score manipulation How can a movie like this have 9 points?I think it's as big as Titanic? You have no conscience.
6,I don't think it's a movie that can be swept away. The message of the war on crime is more certain than the mine sea. Gwanghae is just happy to see
1,It will remain a stain on Korean film history.
1,Did you solve the rating part-time job? You are determined to ruin our movie industryLOL
5,That's just how I felt
4,It's just plain
6,I just downloaded a movie at home and it wasn't worth paying for. It wasn't that fun
1,a movie that shows the tyranny of a large corporation
1,gf. You're the only ones in the movie? CJ is amazing How much money did you spend on the committee members? ^^ is a big company! Good ^^ It's a comedy festival. Don't celebrate too much. You have to eat first to celebrate
1,Daejongsang... Kwanghae... CJ...
1,One point is not enough
1,The only movie to watch is Lee Byung-hun. And Dae Jong-sang was a gag.
1,It's worth watching
1,I'm so annoyed
1,fun
1,Let's make CJ do it all... Let's not make it's okay
1,Don't be fooled
1,Let's not do that much. 9 points is too much. I'll give you 1 point
1,9 points?
1,The rating is too high. It's like a movie in the late 7s
1,It wasn't fun. It was the same story as the man who became king. Is it because I saw a man who became king?
5,I'm strangely sleepy. I don't remember... I want to see it properly again;
1,be overrated
1,It's really
1,I am Wang Yi-ro-soa plagiarized trash movie
6,It's okay to look at it even if it's a little obvious
1,The actors' acting skills are the best!!!The rest is trash.
5,Well
3,bad
5,Pieta was funnier.
6,Is it real? Is it fake? It's not important. a world of compassion
5,It's a fun but predictable movie
1,I don't understand why it's first place. What's the difference between me and King Lee So-da?I'm a king. I'm a king. I'm a king. It's unfortunate that there's something that's too bright
6,Am I the only one who feels uncomfortable because the movie's message seems to overlap with the election candidates'
5,I'll just
1,I don't understand why this movie is still number one.
6,It's my fault that I expected
1,I don't understand what's so fun about Solka.It feels like I watched a TV drama.
1,It was fun.
1,It's one of the most childish movies I've ever seen The content was corny and the director's intention was questionable whether he was trying to make people laugh or cry.
5,It's similar to the story of the person who saw the king.Maybe that's why it wasn't fun
1,The Korean prince and beggar have an intelligent rating of 6 points as if they are managing their popularity
1,10 million is too much and the rating is too high. It was fun
1,I can't understand the rating. It's too obvious and loose.No urgency.
1,A movie that reminds me of Dave...
6,The rating of the movie is too high. I was bored in the middle. Comic elements and concepts are similar to "I'm Wangrosoida". Isn't that all you've given us? Lee Byung-hun's acting was good
1,He's not funny
1,There's a lot of nonsense
1,How can you be so similar to Dave?It's amazing that it's not plagiarism!
1,What's with all the blatant "Dave" plagiarism and 10 million people?
1,It's not like you're going to put your name in a crazy way or you're going to give twins one plus one vote. There are speculations that they're trying to get over 10 million hearts
4,Predictable story I don't understand why this rating is so high
1,a no-baby movie
1,It's not fun. It's fun when it's poop
5,It's just so so obvious. It's so obvious. I don't know if Lee Byung-hun is good at acting because he saw Han Seok-kyu's performance in the deep-rooted tree. It's a movie that you don't have to watch in theaters
1,It was fun.
1,It's a movie that can't help but increase the number of viewers because it advertises heavily and gives free tickets!
1,It's not that fun. Do you call this fun?
6,Kim In-kwon's casting is the only mistake in the movie.
1,I was disappointed because I had high expectations
1,You copied all the con artists and you're shameless.
6,a restful film
1,Plagiarism is like this. I thought Dave bought the copyright. I can't concentrate the whole time I watch.
1,My subjective view is that this rating is an exaggeration. I'm just a 7.3 piece of work.
3,It's just
1,What's fun?
6,It's exactly 6 points.B grade jokes. Only obvious items.
1,What is this? Is it because I'm looking forward to it?
1,Obviousness
1,I don't know why this is the number one reservation rate...
1,The content is vague and there is no topic
1,I'm loaded. 9876543210
6,Somehow
1,I think I'm not emotional enough. I'm not good at it. My rating for a typical commercial movie is
1,an infantile child
1,The content is crude. I fell asleep while watching it.
1,I think the king is more interesting.The first movie that made me sleep in the theater... It's annoying
6,Just plain funny.I don't think it's much different from King Rosoda.I think Lee Byung-hun's acting skills saved the movie.
1,I'm doing everything I can to reach 10 million
1,What's so funny?
5,Did I expect too much?
3,It is my first time to use my phone while watching a movie.
1,Insulting Gwanghaegun...
1,It's my first time watching a movie where I slept
1,What's wrong with the rating? It's a part-time series. I don't think I've watched two TV historical dramas
5,It's just... Your rating is very high.
1,I don't know.;  Is it because I'm not a fan of Lee Byung-hun?
1,a boring movie
4,I didn't have anything to think of except music.
6,But Lee Byung-hun's acting is still good. When you act real.When a fake acts like a real person - his eyes are different
6,I'm so touched
1,We need to kill the part-timers. I've never seen such a trash movie
2,I got hit by Sue. I can't help but get a star
6,I saw it because it had a high rating.It's just for killing time.But I never imagined the last one
2,It's too neo-Confucian.The acting is so artificial
6,The death of an elderly war veteran born of a shoddy multicultural family. And a cool gaze... This movie is a social complaint.
2,I don't think it's my type of movie. It's not as fun as 30 minutes.
1,kjliuuyi7it5i
5,I turned it off after an hour and 12 minutes. It's not fun. Boring. Make it 90 minutes in.
1,I'll give you 5 points because it's a movie that others like you and I won't watch again after watching it's a movie like you
6,a blunt and eccentric old man But that doesn't mean he's a bad guy at all.
5,The front part of this movie is definitely great. But the latter part is terrible. So 5 points.
6,Oh my... Is it a movie that can get more than 9 points? It's a good movie
1,Eastwood completely unlikable -- lol
1,Vietnamese are so bad at acting.
6,I don't understand Clint's behavior or Walt's behavior.
6,a progressive torrent of unlikable old conservative
1,What's fun? Inspiration is a boring movie
6,I thought it was an action. It's kind of boring
6,Why is the rating so high?  Looks like the part-timers are out in groups. It was a movie that was unpleasant when Asians looked down on it
1,a rare Clementine masterpiece
2,I was really fooled by the score... Why 9 points??? I dozed off twice and barely finished it
1,I was tricked by the rating.
6,It's a good self-sacrifice
6,It wasn't funny enough.But there was a calm aftertaste
5,an out-of-out of the blue
1,Is this fun? I slept
6,There's no man like him these days
6,I didn't know I was weird. I trusted the ratings and it's plain
5,He's very slow at breathing. It's not good for me to watch fast movies.
2,I was taken in by a grossly cliche and sloppy storytelling rating wtf
5,a painting of a grandfather grinding his saliva
6,The lingering feelings that others feel... I don't really feel it. I'll study more and come back and watch.
4,Eastwood has taken it too far to give me the best of it
1,. About... 7 points would be appropriate
1,Disappointed... Disappointed...Disappointed
6,I had to put up with it for a good ending.
4,Only the last one is worth watching.
4,What is this?
6,The movie that I thought was an action movie is good but I was bored the whole time
6,It was a movie that didn't suit my taste for the unknown sloppyness
6,Is it easy to break the expectations of a rated rumor?
1,What a waste of time
1,It's a waste of a star. What did you think of when you made this movie? Working on your ratings?
1,Granthorino
1,Retired works are so shabby and the ratings are so high because of the goal fans
1,Eastwood's films have been repeated... ...too far removed to reach a conclusion.
6,I'm not that nervous. That's my weakness
1,It's not funny at all...................
4,a rough world full of obvious and lies
6,a flat hit
1,I was just bored... ...I just slept... ...and it was a waste of money.
1,Did I expect too much? The rating is too high
1,It must be a good movie. But the rating is too high I don't think so
1,Am I grown up?Are those kids who gave you 10 points childish?
3,Touching but overrated movie ratings need to be lowered
4,What's touching? Is it so touching to show you howling in the Korean War for more than an hour?
2,Boredom.
1,It is somewhat lacking compared to the same 9-point movie. ex)Detailed composition of 12 Monkeys
4,"It makes me think about something". There's nothing else
1,I'm strangely boring. /...
6,It's not a movie that only thinks of box office hits. A movie that helped me think about death.
6,Why can't I just...
6,be out of focus
4,The last one is okay
5,It was a small but boring movie with the name Clint Eastwood
1,I'm touched. Is it fun? The rating is too high. One handful
1,That's an exaggerated evaluation
5,It wasn't that fun. It was boring
6,Well.
6,Revenge for those who are not forgiven by Harry's reversed grandchild who returned from the wilderness!
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.
5,I don't know if it's that fun...
1,I think it's about 7 or 8 points. Why is the rating so high?
1,I was tricked by a rating.
6,Boredom was inevitable
2,White supremacy...Disgusting.
4,I've been feeling the killing of my part-timers all this time.It's a forced... You should try to trick him
1,I'm just talking about the director
1,A movie with 6 points... I give you 1 point because I have a lot of rating part-time jobs.
1,It's not funny to me. The reviews are so clear
1,Are you all part-timers? Does this movie fit our emotions?It's touching and you'really? It wasn't me
1,I was fooled by NAVER's rating ^^ That's not funny
1,A good movie? But it's really not fun. Dirty Harry is better.
6,A movie that's not enough for me because I don't have enough time
5,It glorifies the heroic sacrifice of white supremacy in place of emotion.The hero is always white
1,I watched a movie with 10 points. The story of oriental help is clumsy and the glass fist... It's a lot more than death
6,spitting
2,There are a lot of "following the trend" and "you should be attacked." The movie company seems to be saving money on part-time employment.
1,I made 15 to 20 minutes of action movies with gangsters into 2 hours
1,Not everyone can relate
6,It's a pity that I'm trying to be too great
1,The rating is too high. I don't think it's a movie with 9 points
6,somewhat contrived and tasteless
1,a good movie to sleep in
1,You don't even know where Korea is?Did you sleep in world history class? I'm offended. This is worse than dirt
1,Korea? Where is Korea? The insinuation of Korea is still unpleasant.
4,Why am I so boring? I don't feel anything special.
1,Our part-timers are the best. I can't believe it's 9 points. The director's name is so pretty
6,Boring movie... The ratings are amazing
2,I can't believe I made this into a movie. Did it take a week?
1,Worst movie ever. Worst editing. Worst story ever
1,It wasn't fun. The beginning was so boring.
1,Worst movie ever. I have nothing more to say
6,.............did you give a rating after watching the movie...............too many part time jobs...
3,Why was I so bored?
1,How can I say? There should be an ending in front of a deeply laid out development. Not this one.
4,I'm already dirty. So I have to go alone... His lonely monologue...
1,A film of white supremacy. Are you saying that American shotguns are still alive?
1,There is nothing to see but Clint Eastwood. Deterrence and rapid development ruin everything.
3,What is this? I trusted Clint Eastwood...It's fun
1,Why? ;;
1,Yes?
1,The rating is up to date and it's not 9.2 as if it's bubbling. It needs to be lowered
5,an old man who communicates with Southeast Asian people and kills themselves Eastwood's last work?
3,It's just a normal movie
1,Do you really think it's in the 9 points range... ...not Lee Young-hwan at all. A movie that was neither touching nor fun
4,It's a little too high. It's just...
2,I don't like movies... And it's a scam! There's no 9 points. It's definitely 10 points
2,It was boring and boring.Is it just me?
1,The rating is quite fraudulent.
1,You're tricking me into logging in. It's obvious. It's a 9.4 ending rating. I'm looking forward to it. It's unbearable
6,Asians in the United States...
6,substandard acting skills. And there's something missing.
6,substandard acting skills. And there's something missing.
6,a stereotypical motherhood movie
4,I don't know what the hell this movie wants to say
6,I'm dragging my feet
1,heyjjiggf
1,heyjjiggf
1,heyjjiggf
1,w5tytufty hyjury
1,It's corny and boring.
5,How can a critic say such a spoiler like that have a brain? Go to the critic's rating
6,Tears can't come out. Kim Hae-sook's acting really needs to be recognized.
6,Let's be nice to our parents.
6,Some scenes went too far. Especially the mother-in-law scene.
5,A beautiful image that repeats that I lived because of my mom.
6,The characters and stories that are so familiar are still touching thanks to the actors' performances.
1,Showing a typical Korean mother. Just a mother who loves her children. A mother who feeds her children whenever she sees them. A mother who is sad because her child is sick.  The story that I've seen so many times in dramas... Why did I have to make a movie like this?
6,6.0 (10 character limit)
4,2 nights and 3 days of mother and daughter...
5,It's too far-fetched. It's definitely not a 9 point movie
4,I watched three Korean movies today. Three out of three died. Korean movie directors are murderers and I always regret why they express sadness only as death Each of my mother's lines was very similar to my mother's
6,It's good
1,Boram Sangjo Kim Haesook Forever
1,It's a story that's too touching
1,Please don't link the Confucian emphasis to the cinematic quality or visual beauty
1,I'm bored.
1,Typical Korean mother acting.. It was so obvious that I got angry while watching it.
4,Less touching than the word "mom" itself.
1,Why do I keep seeing my sister? Do you know the pain of the unloved?
6,It feels like I'm watching a two-hour drama.
6,The only good thing is the acting of the actors. It's such a cliché.
2,a very childish new drama
3,Sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad. A typical new drama.
1,It's not sad. It's kind of boring.;;
1,Sadness and well-made movies are different
5,It's burdensome to watch a movie that tells you to cry
1,I'm so tall that I don't even have a mother.  It's not funny at all of a sudden
1,NAVER movies with 9 points are like horror movies
2,It depicts a woman putting her daughter's excrement in a plastic bag
1,It's so calm... There is also no speciality.
1,A line that asks for excessive tears. Can't be immersed in a role play
6,Mo-jeong always makes the audience cry
1,Your rating is too high.
6,It's kind of an obvious story. I think the actors' passion saved it
3,A movie that is unpleasant because Ulla forced me to. Think about it and make a movie.
1,Was Korea full of mama's boys and mama's girls? I'm afraid this country will be ruined without my mother.
6,I think the ending is too quick.
6,It's too contrived.
1,It's the worst movie ever. The casting doesn't match my age
1,A boring and miserable drama!
6,Am I emotionally dry? I was sleepy.엄마랑 I wish I could see you with my mom.
6,An ordinary movie about great love.
6,My dear baby... I'll just accept that heart.
5,My dear baby... I'll just accept that heart.
1,I don't want a mother who sacrifices herself like that. She needs to think about her own life
2,It's really corny. The directing is the worst...
4,TV drama at the theater
3,It's too boring and slow... Not really...
6,It's sad as much as I made it up.
5,a maximum of six films
5,Kim Hae-sook's last monologue scene is touching my heart
2,a trite story an amateurish scenario Kim Hae-sook's excessive acting and awkward dialect.
1,Obvious story
1,It's so fake LOLawesome
4,It's like a drama city. --;;
6,I can only see Kim Hae-sook's acting.
1,The ratings for the new drama are exceptionally high.It's like an audience.Just watch a drama at home
1,What kind of part-time job is that?It's not funny.
5,It's just a new file borrowed from her mother.
2,I hope the men don't look. Tears came out of a yawn
5,It's not that...
5,No more fun than Aeja
1,I wish I could stop making movies like this.You're forcing yourself to cry.
1,It's such a forced setup that your son or anyone else has left behind.
1,It's not fun. It's an obvious story
1,Ridiculous in ratings. It's cliche and no irritation. It's too obvious I can't. I'm shameless.
6,trite and bland for a movie It's touching because it's a material that can't be laid out.
1,be tacky and cliche
1,It's a lot of nonsense
1,The pendulum is not funny
5,It's so obvious. I shed a little at the end of my tears. Everyone's emotional
6,The lines were good.Because all my mom said to me ^^ But why can't I cry?
4,10 points for Kim Hae Sook's acting. The content is really cliché.
1,It's a story that's too familiar to make your heart cry
1,It's so forced...
1,I hope it's a special episode for Parents' Day
5,I'm disappointed. It's too fast. Too much acting...
1,I didn't cry as much as I thought.crying
5,I was disappointed when I saw it today.
4,It seems like you're leaning on motherhood too much
6,A meeting between an actor who acts too much alone and an actor who can't act alone
4,I cried more for my father than for my mother!
1,I don't want this kind of movie to come out
1,It's a waste to give stars
1,Our part-timers are working hard. Bored! No fun! Acting no! Story boom! What a waste of money!
4,a double-edged sword of universality and cliché
1,A compilation of all kinds of mom-related stories! You still don't want to cry? But it's just funny
3,It was very boring. The mother-daughter setting is unreasonable and the beginning is too long.
6,I think it's a movie where I can cry freely if I go with my mother.Reversal required
6,If mom and daughter are close like Park Jinhee and Kim Haesook..I'm going to go.Hah!
5,I bought a ticket and went...
4,The film's completeness and content are not well harmonized. Missing message.
2,You've been dealing with a baby that's been coming out. Is the mother-daughter conversation that bad?
2,It's just a TV drama.
2,It's just... an obvious movie
1,There is no need for words.I slept in the movie theater where I don't sleep much.There's nothing to watch except the sad scene in the beginning
5,Try downloading it later. But you don't think about your son? The most pitiful thing is my son
4,It's more uncomfortable than touching.The fact that the mother and daughter are not considered contemporaries...The overflowing acting...
1,"Jonnigurim" (Pun in Korean)
6,It's just... Kim Hae Sook is still good at acting.
1,It's predictable from the beginning to the end. plain in a word It's like a drama.
2,A movie that didn't have anything to watch...
1,a crazy movie that ruined the original work Park Jinhee's miscasting is forced
4,I don't know if they put the play back. Full connection configuration is bad. a loss of sympathy
5,a scenario in which actors' acting is a waste
6,I watched it with my mom... Kim Hae-sook's overacting...
2,It's a very boring movie about the obvious.What a waste of money.
6,It's obvious. The two actors acted in a dot-bo
1,An obvious story and an obvious tearjerker
2,An obvious story. I thought one of you was gonna die. But Kim Hae-sook's acting is the best
1,The content is so fast. It's all about the obvious stuff and trying to make me cry at the end.
3,You're going to squeeze my tears out with a forced story?
1,With great material...I can't believe you're forcing me to cry.never-ending to cry
1,It's just...
1,Isn't this similar to Aeja?lol
1,I think it's the first time I said sorry to a friend while watching a movie.
4,Films regress with the times
1,Why is the actor crying? The audience should cry
1,...It's a trick.Like the triumph of Lenny Riefenstahl's will...
6,Who is Park Pyeongsik?I came all the way here after listening to a songThank you.Everyone!
2,Didn't you live in general for a long time?There's something else besides marital love.I'm just so jealous.He lived for so long and died happily.It was the life that my father dreamed of.Ideal. Everyone dreams.The reality is not this kind of life.
1,I was bored because it was a documentary movie
1,No fun next to the sound of "Wo-Nang".
1,Accounting Code for Environmental Planning and Accounting for Revitalizing Economic State Environmental Rules
1,Sauce-sso-sso-sso-lately
1,a hell of a boring movie
1,It's not funny. Don't ever watch it
1,This is the first time I've ever seen a movie and thought it was a waste of money. It's not fun at all. I thought it'd be better to sleep.It's my first time sleeping on a chair.
1,A movie that Christians should never watch! A movie that the Holy Spirit suffered throughout the whole time! A very bad movie that doesn't see through the inside of man and leads him to hell without believing in God until he dies
1,It's not fun at all
1,I enjoyed the movie with a lot
6,A movie where you can feel the deep love
1,Why did you film the old guys being boring?
1,The low-level public shedding tears over the cheap new drama of selling death as it is
6,There's no answer to life. My life is mine
6,Park Pyung-sik thinks of a twilight divorce after watching this movie. That's too bad
4,Good. I just slept because it wasn't fun
6,It would have been nice to see it on documentary or TV.
6,Park Pyungsik thinks that OOO is something
5,You looked so pretty.It was heartbreaking to see you sick and dead. I wish it was a hopeful finish though.
5,I don't understand watching a boring movie like this for the same price as the Avengers
1,The director's intention to shoot a dying old couple is only cruel.
5,It was fun. It was touching
6,by a hair's breadth
6,I'm sad. My parents think better
1,It is a very sad and sad movie. It was disgusting to think that the coach made money from this.
6,It was calm and worth watching.
5,It was normal. More than I thought
6,It feels like I paid for a regular documentary
6,A sad movie...
1,It's because the director's eyes are on the money.But that's true. Why are you trying to take advantage of an old couple and eat?
6,I was so sad that I recommended it to my parents for no reason (Sighs)
5,I want to see things like this at the human theater
1,It's a rating adjustment. 10 letters
5,The content was also touching.It was beautiful to see you love like that even when you are old
6,Just! Thinking about death
6,I enjoyed watching it I showed my parents
6,Can I have that kind of love?
1,It's not fun at all. What a waste of money
6,A moving movie! I was happy to see you with my mom
4,Just like that? You don't have to think about it
1,This is a movie. Director S.H. 48 billion
6,I don't think it's as bad as the rumors
5,It was just like that. It was a little boring!
5,It's not good to watch at the movies.I think it was...
6,I enjoyed it with my family~~
5,It's more bland than I expected. The power of directing is...
6,It's good to see with your family
6,edit an existing documentary into a movie
5,I didn't think it was that...
6,A movie worth watching without thinking about
6,There is no story. It's just that our lives are all there.
6,I looked back on the past.
3,As someone who's watched the human theater documentary before...It may be due to the nature of the movie.I felt that the movie was very crude.
5,Kanada Ramabasa aza-Chakata
1,Good. Very small
6,I'm touched. Please watch it
6,Love was so beautiful in my old age
6,Sad but boring development Two sons cried haha
5,It's good. Gumeobabong is also wet
6,It was a good documentary that made me emotional.
2,I dozed off. The sound of "Wan Nang" was much more interesting...
4,I don't think it's my cup of tea. I wasn't interested the whole time
5,I think it'll be okay if I watch it at home
6,I don't know. I'm not impressed.
6,It leaves a lot of lingering emotions.
5,Death is part of nature after all. I think it is reasonable to say that the director wanted to shed light on the ending of a relationship that would impress everyone rather than filming it with malice.  I felt uncomfortable with my children's dog fight.
6,I'm so touched!
6,It depends on the age of the viewer
2,Not good for a commercial film
4,I don't like it because I squeezed it. Grandpa's grandmother's love fantasy.
6,It feels like we're only sad about the sad story
6,Just that kind of movie. Similar to the Human Theater
6,It makes me think about my lifelong partner again.
6,I haven't seen it yet. I miss you Others say it's funny
6,It was uncomfortable to see the contrived direction
5,I saw it because people around me said it was sad.More than I expected.It's not that
6,It was fun! It wasn't as good as I expected
6,It was the most thoughtful movie in the capitalist era
5,A movie about looking back on your family?!
6,I think that's what I look like 50 years later.
1,The artificial feeling was not very good.
1,It's so obvious that it's. It's no different from the sound of "Wo-Nang"
6,Is my expectation too high?~~
1,This movie was so boring. Complete destruction to a man. So boring!
5,Just the material is fresh... The production is just...It was a little uncomfortable because it felt like it was invading the daily life of an old couple.
5,I just enjoyed it
1,I can see your desire to make money by selling Gamdeok's emotions. Is it disgusting?
6,It's worth watching
5,the most mundane death of an ordinary man Maybe the relationship between the two old men is fantasy.
2,It's just...I think I've made a lot of adaptations.It's not natural...
1,It's across the river. Can I get a report--
4,What's so funny about this? It's not like you're going to make a fuss about how much fun it is It's like a documentary on TV
6,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
4,It's worse than a five-part human theater
6,We're all throwing 10 points together and it's so touching. It's like you're going to pee while shedding tears. Don't get carried away when you see things like this.Don't be such a jerk and live. LOL
6,Why have people seen this movie so many times? The tacos about it would be more interesting.
6,I just watched it calmly.It's just calm... There are a lot of women who call their parents after the movie
1,I didn't know it would be late. Better
1,This isn't a movie. That's not funny
5,It's normal... a beautiful and sad love story in my young eyes.
2,It's just a life story
5,I... I slept while watching itI guess I'm not a documentary type.
5,It's a fake documentary
3,It's just... better to watch a documentary. There's nothing to eat at the famous feast
6,It wasn't that different from the human theater
6,It just reminds me of the end of my life when I see people in their 40s.
4,I just saw it without thinking
1,It was really fun and enjoyable
6,I'm so touched by my grandparentsI thought that I wanted to have that kind of love when I got older
1,It's like the video camera is on V LIVE
6,The story is the end of what we know. It's up to everyone to be touched
5,It wasn't... it wasn'
6,This kind of movie is still a little unfamiliar to me.
5,It's fun. It's funIt's fun.
5,Hmm... I'm so disappointed.
1,It's not fun...And the two old couples who are the main characters of this movie lived happily ever after. How many people can actually live like this? There was no emotion.
1,I'm not that emotional
1,Are you happy to do business with the lives of those who lived quietly and well? It means you waited until your grandfather died and released a movie. You're so close.
1,Why do you have to go to the theater to see the material that can be seen on TV Human Theater?
1,It's not fun...I thought you were watching a documentary...
5,The last one was a really sad movie(Laughing)
1,It's really boring  Those who got 10 points are out of their minds
6,It's touching and instructive
5,The exquisite beauty of love with people gives you strength to withstand the winter wind that digs into the flesh
6,I reaffirm that the center of marriage is the husband and wife.
3,Good. Moderate touching. Moderate sadness. How can a person live this pretty?
3,If you're bored... a tear-jerker
3,It's not as good as I expected.It's a waste of money
5,It's just that.
1,A movie that I don't want to recommend to those who saw the human theater's white-haired lover. I was very angry at the fact that he exposed his grandfather's body as it was and the sloppy video. I think it is a movie that gives pain to grandmother and her family I thought it was a movie made by the director's selfish greed.
6,It shows the importance of a partner in life
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much
5,Did I look forward to it too much? I didn't have to go to the theater to see the natural story of dying when I get old
5,My parents saw it and it was him
1,Reminded me of a crumpled crocodile bag. I kept drinking coke because I was frustrated
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
6,Sad memories of the beginning and end that are worth watching
6,Don't expect too much
1,It's not a movie that gives a lot of feeling
6,I think it's a calm person's story
1,No jam. It's not as fun as the human market
6,I can't cook with good ingredients
5,It reminds me of my late parents
1,It's not a movie with such a high rating
5,A movie that was just a word of mouth.
1,Where am I supposed to cry?
6,I could feel the affectionate love of a married couple!
4,The movie that was a bit disappointing because I was a bit disappointed
5,I think it's less fun and touching than I've seen in the human theaterBut I wish I could live like that laterI had so much fun watching it
1,It's just...Is it...?
5,I'm thinking about movie reviews
3,I wish you good health for a long time
1,I don't understand that such an emotional movie with no workmanship has such a high rating I understand Park Pyung-sik's score this time. Please don't give this movie a ridiculous rating
6,I'm sad. I'm sad!
3,I don't think it's a good movie
6,It's touching. It makes me think a lot
5,I fell asleep because I was tired
6,I don't feel that way I think the sound of "Wo-Nang" is more fun
6,I hope many young people watch it.
2,He comes out on TV the day after the movie
6,I think I gave a good movie to my parents
3,It's not as much less than I thought...
6,Thank you for the documentary movie. I'm tearing up.
1,I was bored It wasn't so-so
6,It's worth watching if you don't expect too much
1,Disappointed Disappointed Disappointed Disappointed
1,To adjust the rating. I don't think it's a 9-point movie.
4,It's just that. The last part is a bit sloppy
6,The story of a couple who are a little special and close.
1,It's not a movie. It's Q
5,How it feels to watch "Human Theater"
1,The admission fee to the human theater is a waste. I was tricked by the media
5,It felt like a human theater.
6,Is it because I'm really looking forward to it? Or is it because my emotions are dry?You think differently than others think differently
6,I think it was an opportunity to understand how grandparents feelI need to be nice to my parents and grandparents
1,A 10-point reverse movie with the sound of "Wang-Nang" on the soles of your feet
5,It's touching. My parents enjoyed it
6,The director's intended direction in between is uncomfortable.
6,I was sadI pray for the repose of my grandfather.
1,Didn't you take this because you thought you were going to die?  Director Lee is really... That's too much.Thank you for giving me a horoscope
1,A movie where old people come out and show
2,Too much production trail and no emotion
5,Thank you for watching my Zahur
6,a dud for a documentary But it's no match for the sound of a warang.
6,It's a trap to watch a fresh and fresh movie
6,It was so touchingI envy your grandparents
1,That's absurd A totally low-budget movie!  Disappointed
5,My mom and I just looked at it like that
1,I don't get a zero on the movie score.  One point is a waste. It was really boring
6,The nature isn't that beautiful either
1,One is a waste There's no bread
6,It was nice to see the two elderly people happy even though they don't have any feelings for their father
1,It's just depressing to watch. It wasn't a very good movie.
1,It's not touching. like a waste of money
2,It wasn't funny because it was obvious
5,I paid to watch the Human Theater
4,The movie was below my expectations.
3,It's sad to love your spouse for a long time and see her in pain
6,It made me cry. It was a new genre
1,Director Jin Mo-young learned to make money so dirty and cheap.
5,It wasn't that fun.
1,It's strange that the viewer rating is over nine
5,I don't really... I mean it
1,The movie was so good. But the rating is too highI need to lower the rating
6,It's just... It's January 1st.
5,There's no story behind it.
6,It's worth watching
6,I don't like it because it was in the human theater before
1,I personally didn't know it was a documentary. It was a waste of money
5,I think I just looked at it calmly. It's not as sad as I thought. It's something you'll experience once you get older. I envy your friendly appearance and I think you're a role model.
6,It's like a human theater and a documentary.
6,Disappointed that the content is not as faithful as the rumors
6,Don't lean on me too much. Watch it I don't know if it's because I have high expectations...
4,Would I live to be 100 years old if I didn't film my grandfather?
1,Reminds me of D-War.  If you think the movie is low here
1,I don't know if it's because my expectations are too high or if my emotions are dry
6,My parents said they liked it
2,It depends. I was just like that
6,I think it was a heartbreaking movie that made us look back on our lives^^
6,You can't watch it with makeup onSome of them cried so much that much.I didn't like it. It felt like I could watch it comfortably.
6,It's like watching TV at home
4,It's a lot of course
5,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,It's a documentary
1,I don't know why this exists
5,I feel like I'm still too young to understand the complex emotions they've built up for over 70 years.
1,It's like watching a human theater.I was looking forward to it so much that I was moved and cried and laughed  I'm not going to watch a movie that director Lee made after memorizing the name of the director
1,1 point is a waste
6,The movie is below my expectations
6,It's worth watching. ^^*
5,I watched it calmly The old couple seemed to have a good affection
2,Don't watch people who watch sleep only for fun. Grandma talks a lot
5,It's a little... worth watching
1,I don't think it's worth the money to watch at the movies
6,a gentle wave of ten letters
5,It reminded me of my parentsIt was even better to watch it with adults
6,A happy life with a pure heart without greed
1,I don't think it's higher than Shawshank's escape. And I think this is a documentary rather than a movie.
5,It's worth watching. It's worth watchingIt's worth watching
5,It was sad. The sad love story of the elderly
6,A good movie for a divorce-minded couple
6,A little old lady.A naughty grandfather!
6,I can't feel the sensational composition and emotion
6,Thank you for that
1,Dreamland in 10 minutes. I'm 104 years old
1,That's too high a rating... Please find your place.
5,It was a sad story.I went with my college daughter and she cried a lot~~
1,This is a movie or a documentary. Never watch this.
1,It's higher than Shawshank's escape.
1,Do you have to show this kind of movie in the movie theater?
6,It was touching. Grandma is so cute^^
2,a completely new story with no innocence
5,The old couple's acknowledgement is not the same as the excellence of the movie~~
5,I'm sad thinking about myself in the future.I think it's a movie that I made over the years. I'm touched.
6,A movie that reminds me of my grandfather and grandmother!I feel sorry for my grandmother
5,I didn't see it. I gave it to my parents. I guess they knew somehow. It's not as sad as I thought
1,This is never a point. I want to give 11 points
4,the same life as the average person
1,That's cheating
2,I guess my emotions are dry.I'm sure he's a person who often sheds tears after seeing something else...I was surprised to see him sniffling in front of me. There are people like this
6,It's just worth watching.
1,I think 8 points is enough. It's too high
5,I guess I'm emotionally dry.
6,What a beautiful love.
1,Are you kidding me? What's sad about this-- You seem to have a lot of ratings
1,I'm sad to open my eyes. Don't look at it. Throwing away money
4,I guess I had too much expectation.
4,It's a story that comes out a lot even if you watch documentary programs.
4,It's a movie that's been sold in a timely manner. It's nothing more than a documentary
5,Grandpa and grandma are so cute
1,It's better not to look.
5,I guess they had high expectations.  Don't leave after just looking at the score
4,I don't understand the people next to me crying It's boring.
6,It was so moving  It was great.
3,Don't go to the theater to watch this movie
1,To lower the score of fraud!!!
5,As much as I expected...하지만But it'd be nice if we could see each other
3,I'm falling asleep. I'm falling asleepIn
1,I cried while watching this movie. But I felt like I was forced to cry. How can I not cry when one person dies? How far is it directed and how far is it true? Can the reality of camera involvement be a complete fact? I'm confused.
5,It's a sad movie. I enjoyed it
1,Why is this movie rated so high? It's 1 point
6,I enjoyed it. I showed it to my parents and they're satisfied
6,It's touching. It's not 100% documentary. It's not a movie that will make you cry
1,It's a documentary. I can't focus.
6,It's just... Ten. Ten
1,It's not my style. Why did I watch this? It's a really annoying movie
1,I hope it didn't look good. It's not all fiction. It's a true story. The thought of filming someone who died...
5,Let's love everything that's dying.
5,It was very touching and touching.
1,I was a little sleepy because it was a documentary.
1,My mom saw it and she said it wasn't fun.
6,I was touched by the story of a girly grandmother and grandfather
6,More than I thought...I don't think that's a good idea
3,Why did you make this into a movie...It was a bit uncomfortable to see
2,I need to take you to the hospital. Why are you fighting?
4,I enjoyed it  Maybe it's because it's real. I'm more sad than touched It's about our reality
5,Human theater is better...
2,I'm just a preview if it wasn't fun
1,I wasn't that touched  It was obvious.
6,I showed my parents and they said it's not good
1,What a waste of money. I'd rather have another meal.
3,A show that wets the tear glands. You can't eat it raw like this.
1,I watched it with my husband and it was so sad.But the score doesn't make sense
6,It's just a sad story.
6,It was a bummer that there weren't a lot of pictures of my grandparents' lovey-dovey.
1,I don't think so lol
1,I've watched so many documentary sentimental movies that I'm sick of.Stop making it
1,......Cancer cells are gone in my body. all and all.
1,It's a part-time job. It's really scary
6,It's just a documentary. And it's true that people who didn't watch "Human Theater" don't really understand it. I think it'll work out well if I watch the human theater properly.
5,It's a documentary for an old couple around us
1,a sadistic film that makes you watch other people's misfortunes; a film that conveys sadness that you don't need to feel
1,I have to end it in a documentary.
3,It's a daily documentary that you can't pay to watch in theaters.
1,Thank you very much^^
6,I feel a life free meeting.
1,It's too overrated. A movie that's suspected of making a movie. Half of the audience is grandparents!
6,It's not that sad or fun... The Human Theater is more interesting. It's not worth the money
1,To defend against the score... About?  It's a perfect documentary work
1,I understand the level of Korean audience.
3,It's a bit more disappointing than the rumors. I feel like there's a senior conversation in it. As the elderly prepare for the end. I'm getting emotional
1,It's a movie that got older and cheated on me late. Nanofun. Why is this 2 million?
1,I think it's better to see a human theater
1,It's fun. Why would you watch this?
6,A movie that reminds you of each scene after watching it.
1,I can't grade it.
6,A movie that was touching but stretched a little bit
1,Rather protect the Earth than this! be much sadder for I'm so impressed. Look at the incitement
6,Death is a process and a process.
1,What a waste of money. A movie without any philosophy.
1,Don't commercialize a person's death
6,It's sincere and calm
6,I guess I was looking forward to it It feels like the content is on the back and the time is short
4,A movie that makes you think about life and death
5,I'm sad... I hope you watch it with your family!
2,I didn't even feel any emotion. What a waste of money if you felt it? I don't understand why this work is so well received.
6,I don't think I directed it well with good material.
6,The human theater is more natural. The connection is unnatural... I could have shed tears because I watched the Human Theater. What would it have been like if I only watched the movie?
2,The purity of the independent documentary stands outIt was
1,How can this movie win first place?
6,You should be nice to your parents
6,It's been a while since I cried and healed myself. Mom? Daughter?Make sure you watch the movie that made you feel a lot about living as a woman~~~^^
1,What the hell are you talking about? I don't waste a single rating It's not fun...
6,It's a bit disappointing than I expected.
2,Tell me the Steedus Meni People
1,That's too much... Worst movie ever...
2,I don't know what you're talking about.
1,It's hard to know if it's far away
2,It's totally boring. turning it off while watching
2,It's so hard. It's an ang.
1,What do you mean 9.6 points! I want to give you 1 pointHaha
1,It's been a while since time went by like this.
1,Obvious twist useless additional explanations and action scenes drag on loose
1,Sleeping more than being boring
1,Did you all understand? Are you being vain?
4,I don't understand.
1,The movie makes me nervous every moment. It's the taste of squid legs It's too much experience
6,I'll have to watch it one more time I don't understand
1,Surprised director movies are not my cup of tea. I always get disappointed when I see the score.
1,I'm so mad at you. Why should others die for your love? OOO story
1,Boring and boring
4,The rating is too high. I don't like gel
2,It's not fun. Don't look at it
2,I don't know why it was re-released.
2,The content was so difficult that I hardly understood it. It seemed like I needed someone to explain to me
6,I don't know.  I didn't think it was funny.
2,My imagination is amazing
3,It depends on the person.  We were bored.Why was it re-released? It was boring and boring
1,I just watched it and it's not fun.I think only outcasts in the corner of the house who like science fiction are saying it's fun
1,I don't know what to do
6,May I see my son in the 6th grade?
6,A film that maximizes the long-windedness of a surprising director. A film whose unique material makes the audience mistake it for an interesting movie.
1,I've seen and felt that the director made it look so cool
1,Is it too much to expect because of the high rating? It's hard to understand because of the OST
2,The one star I gave you is not one. It is the number of stars added over five. Five stars are not enough.
1,It was a difficult movie for me. Maybe it was because the genius director made it. It was so boring I don't understand
1,Isn't it a good movie that is easy to understand even if you watch a movie at once?
6,I should've watched it at the theater
1,Watching the movie was unpleasant the whole time
6,DiCaprio is so pathetic.I couldn't escape the reality and I was stuck in purgatory forever
2,Ellen Page...Don't do that. Come to me.Come back.
1,Lotus root is not a Republican.
1,It's not fun... I turned it off while watching it.
1,It's an annoying movie.I don't have enough time to dream.In your dreams...The environment overlaps with Titanic 007.I give you 7 points in real life.
1,The Nuniono and the Euro
6,It's just a simple interpretation.
6,I didn't watch it because I thought you wouldn't understand
2,Make this a movie?
1,the final version of a tight squeeze and mob mentality
1,I've read the review and there's no difference from what I understood. What I don't understand is why this movie is a dope movie. I'm so curious of what you're all impressed by. Innocently
1,What movie did you enjoy watching? I'm really curious about how high the level is. Let's share some information
2,I don't know why this crudely squeezed and distracted movie has such a high score.
3,I don't want to see a movie like this twice. I have a headache.
1,I think all the works that surprised me by my taste are not good.
6,It's like a dream rather than a dream
1,12 year olds only watch 12 year olds is a waste of time
1,I... Director Lee's movies are all boring. It's interesting that I answered "Tell me the best five boring movies" and it turned out that four of them belonged to director Lee. I'm ignorant.
1,He's good at making movies. But the actress isn't that great. Genesis came out.
1,The person who saw it five times and understood it is really tough head?
1,I write it here so that you can see it. The ones who give 1 point don't understand because they have bad heads LOL
1,How bad is your brain that you can't understand this? I write it down here to look at the idiots
1,The set-up is so forced that you can't relate to it at all of a sudden
1,Action Frog. No fun bubble movie
1,a zero-point movie
1,It's one point of 11 points.
1,I watched it for about 10 minutes and turned it off.
1,What does the setting mean?
5,Dark City and Paprika's jjamppong movie
5,It's an onion-like movie that has a new interpretation as it opens up
2,It's hard to understand the relationship between the characters...It's not translated well.
1,I don't know what you're talking about My head hurts. I guess I'm ignorant
3,I don't know. Bungsins are just not funny. I never see anyone surprised by the Batman Interstellar rating. .
6,An ingenious movie. But I'm confused by the sudden production of the dream situation.There was a sense of boredom in the back
1,What's this about? Why did you make the movie so hard? I think Interstellar is much better
1,I want to give 11 points.It's a masterpiece
6,I took out 9 part-time jobs and 1 anti-vaxxer...The average is exactly 6.5.Same as me.
1,I want to give 11 points. But I'll replace it with 1 point
1,Genius is a bubble that only cares about the grade
1,A movie that I don't agree with at all.
1,It's innovative. It's innovative
1,Worst movie ever...No Fun Movie Top 5
1,The ones who say it's not funny because they don't understand it are just surprised followers lol I guess I don't get along with surprised movies
6,Can you live in ruins alone with the person you love for the rest of your life?
1,This is not 1 point. It's 11
6,It seems that there is a slight lack of understanding by solving too complicated structures in a limited time. I think it would have been better if the movie could have been extended a little more and developed slowly.
5,A movie that couldn't give such a high rating
1,That's childish~~~~
1,We already had a dream hundreds of years ago. It's nothing new
1,I want to give this 1 point 11 points.
1,The score is too high. The beginning of the 8 is just right
1,I was going to sleep because it was so long that I woke up again
1,It's not even a trash movie
1,Boring and boring.I'm
5,the ability to know without showing
1,A drama that runs in a hurry with a rough setting
1,It's too precious to click half a star. Inception
1,It's so much fun
4,It's such a complicated movie that it gives you courage to commit suicide
3,I'll give you 3 points if you want to win by 0%
5,I don't know if it's fun
6,The last scene was very impressive But that's it
1,I hope you don't make a movie with this tool
1,.... I didn't like it. The rating is higher than I thought
6,I definitely don't like SF movies
1,It's kind of boring. There's nothing new in oriental history
1,Humans have a crazy mob mentality.Do you like this? It's so boring.
1,Four of us went to the theater at 11 p.m. and went to bed five minutes after the movie started -- dog-super-trash movie. Is this fun?
1,I give you 1 point because I don't understand because I'm not smart.
1,It's not fun. I haven't watched it since 40 minutes. It's so much fun
1,ambiguous content with various interpretations
1,You don't understand at once.Are you watching a movie in your head off. Like a brain cpu specification. The topic was interesting but not interesting. Did I expect too much? About 7 points are appropriate and 1 point is given on a rating basis.
1,Do you really like movies like this? shivering
1,It's...
1,The rating is 8 points
1,What a waste of money
1,The best is the worst movie I've ever seen.
1,It's a movie that's perfect for Korea. Who says this kind of movie is fun? I think people who don't understand have a lot of problems with their IQ
6,Memento's shock doesn't seem to be the answer.I just felt that it was a movie that I didn't need to watch because it was artificial
1,I didn't think it was fun.
1,That's too much of a bubble. Christopher Nolan... It's already a boring subject...
3,I'm not impressed because I've been looking forward to it so much.Don't look forward to it
2,Boredom
3,I don't think I'm cut out for this director. The Dark Knight isn't that fun either. It's hard to understand the content at once.
1,You have to pretend to understand and applaud the naked king for being cool
1,It's like having a dog dream
6,The development was too long
1,This one and the dark night one with the highest rating. It's not fun at all. What kind of hero do you want?There's no "Ep
4,be far-fetched and boring
5,You said what you thought first
6,Am I a butterfly? Is it me?
1,I'm just saying that you and I are having fun
4,A work to be rewatched after the bubble has lifted
5,Stories are difficult
1,Nolan! You can make Batman or just a housekeeper!I made it look cool. You're good at making the empty movie Batman
5,Why is this funny?
6,Overrated work Hyundai saved the movie
5,Director Nolan is a genius director?Planting thoughts...Inception? You're playing with the top. This movie?K
1,Go to the level of eight
1,A movie that scored 9 points because of the people who want to look vain and pretending to be knowledgeable
5,I was looking forward to it because it was a masterpiece. It wasn't as fun as I thought
2,It's a movie that's like a dog's poo with a rare bubble! I'll give you two points because of Hans Zimmer
4,It's complicated and difficult. They're all snipers and a hundred. The last scene lasts a long time. I'm so...
1,It's not funny
1,I thought my hair was going to pop while thinking about the ending.It's too twisted.
1,Boring and boring
6,Let's be honest and not see a single person explaining the film properly for those who enjoyed it; I don't understand Dam
4,The story is too difficult
6,It's just... I think the rating is too high
6,It's 6 points
1,I don't know what's best
2,It's not funny because I don't understand--
5,agree with Jin for the first time
6,to obtain high-tech magic on the premise of complete aesthetic failure
1,It's so boring...;;; You need to be funny to get into the story.
1,Even the cliché material scenes are the worst movie ever that is intellectually hollow and emotionally convoluted
3,Why do I have to rack my brain to study and understand while watching a movie? This movie is too difficult.
5,It's boring from the middle
1,pretentious people
6,Nolan is always difficult.
1,Why was it so boring for me?
6,I wonder what it would have been like if it had come out as a novel. I'm annoyed because the movie requires understanding
1,Understanding
4,Material Goggles Nightmare Matrix Intermediate
3,Is this the best you can do -_-
1,It's hard to understand. crying
4,I want someone to put the movie description in my head
5,I tried it three times and I saw it through.It's a little complicated.
6,I just wanted to see it. It was hectic and annoying.
5,I think it's enough to turn it off after 30 minutes
5,It's 5 points because you gave me a lot. It's so boring.
2,I don't know what it's about.It's kind of boring
1,I don't even know what it's about
5,It's boring and hard to readIt's not hard at all. Was it because I was looking forward to it?
1,I wanted to push him away
1,A movie that I couldn't watch even if I tried to watch it until the end. It's really not funny.
5,He made fun of me
5,The story is really hard to understand; what's the end of it; is it real or a dream?
2,Bored and difficult
1,I don't know why this movie is more than 9 points
6,A difficult movie...I'm watching and sleeping
5,It's so hard...
1,A rating achieved by the illusion of the audience who think it is excellent if it is pedantic and difficult to understand
1,There is a lot of foam. Early to mid-eight is good
1,It's boring and I can't sleep. It's a part time job
1,Not funny
6,It was hard to understand for me as an IQ man.Ellen Page was so jealous and pretty
1,Just.
1,Hilarious
1,I don't know why this movie has more than nine points. A movie that's getting more and more off topic
1,A movie like OOOO. The worst movie in the middle of a movie like crazy new strand
1,There are so many 10 points... There needs to be a point. 10 points is too much
1,9.12 is excessive and about 8 is appropriate. It's boring because the running time is long.
1,Don't look at me. I'm just staring at you.Really
1,The first movie that I ever slept in was boring!
1,Don't cover Conan...
5,A movie that can move the mind. I'm not sure about the emotions
1,a predictable and predictable ending clichés of boredom
1,I'm against this rating!
1,Totally boring!
4,The content is just too difficult.
1,She fell asleep while watching this at the theater. Am I the only one who's weird?
1,It's not fun...
6,I don't feel like it ^^;;;
4,a complicated and promiscuous nature
1,an irritating movie
1,It's not funny. It's a ridiculous set up by the director. It's like kids falling for it.
4,It made the fools go crazy.  a film full of barnacles
2,Is a butterfly dreaming of me or am I dreaming of a butterfly? It's called "The Butterfly Fantasy".
5,I don't understand why movies make me a genius
4,Memento is better than I expected
1,I don't understand. I don't even know what to say. Don't make a movie like this. Make it easy
5,The material is really good...............................................................
1,This is fun? It's hard to understand? Stupid guys are gonna be funny
6,Don't play with the top
5,It's a contradictory movie that doesn't add up. There are too many stories missing.
5,It is a disaster that there is not a single element to complement an explanatory and tedious scenario and a shambolic CG
1,I don't know if this is worth more than nine points.
6,Am I the only one who doesn't know what I'm talking about?
2,Boredom
6,In the face... It feels empty
1,OOO's as good as the claws of a matrix
3,I looked at the ratings and looked forward to it.Why am I not so good?
1,It's complicated
5,I didn't feel much fun
5,It's boring. It's not fun. Did I live too long?
6,I almost thought it was complicated because there's no fixed meaning in this movie.
6,So what do you want me to do? Surprised hyung seems to have a talent for making movies boring
1,More than 5! There's no reason to get sick while watching the movie
1,I thought the movie was going to explode after watching it for 10 minutes
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? I guess I didn't meet your expectations
6,Metrix Smith World-initiated Field Syndrome + Vanilla Sky Lucid Dream Guide Application = Inception
5,It's a Hollywood-style movie about misunderstood Yoon Sa-sang
1,Let's take out the foam. 8.3 is just right.
5,The vision that Kronenberg showed a long time ago and even rehashed himself.
6,A movie that is hard to finish in two and a half hours. Looking forward to a 3 to 4 hour supervisory board
4,Imagination is an ingenious but annoying imagination.
5,I'm so sleepy to see you at night. Go to sleep
4,an exaggerated film
1,It's a work that's so twisted that it's...5-6 GPA is appropriate...
3,The medicine man persuaded the contents of the box. Are you druggists? What's wrong with the rating?
6,I don't know if it's because I saw it when I was bleeding...I'm sleepy
1,The rating is too high I think 5 or 6 would be enough
3,The movie is so distracting. Don't look forward to it...
4,I don't know if it's because the content is hard... I don't think it's fun...
1,Why am I not funny? Is it the average time? Part-time job?
4,below expectationsI can't get into it. It's not a fantasy in a dream fantasy.This.
6,The disappointment that didn't meet my expectations...
6,Crowd psychology with the ingenious creativity of stealing thoughts
1,I'll turn it off when I'm bored.I saw it thanks to Safak
3,-- boredom
5,It was just a good idea
1,Not funny at all
1,I'm dizzy
1,Such a masterpiece is a true movie
1,below expectations
6,I don't like... Dark Knight... and...I guess this doesn't suit me.
1,A movie that you have to watch while having a meeting with the person next to you... Surprised director! I didn't like him since Dark Knight
6,I think I tried to make it difficult because the movie is not smooth
6,It's so hard... but I think it's well made
1,I don't understand the movie!
1,I will never watch DiCaprio again.
1,I was watching OOO graduation because I was bored
1,Boring and boring -- a waste of money
1,You'll get in trouble. DiCaprio's been ruined since the Titanic
4,I was really not funny... I was really not funny...
6,What is your physiological phenomenon during the two weeks you spent dreaming with your wife (50 years in your dream)?
1,There is really a part-timer on NAVER.
2,It's hard. I don't like this kind of thing. The topic was fresh.
1,It's hard
1,I was about to dream. I don'totally.
5,It's not my cup of tea. It's very subjective.
1,Movie genre-bewildered sf mystery Now I think all kinds of movies are coming out No bottom or end
1,Bubble
1,Fooled by ratings... I slept in the theater and came here...
1,I hope Hollywood will wake up from the nostalgia of the Matrix
5,It's a movie that doesn't even make it to the tip of the Matrix
1,It's better to see Conan while eating ramen every time I see it; dream in my dream and repeat this
6,It's just one of the best movies to watch in 2010.
4,incongruous and contrived I don't have much to think about. It's just an action.I hate music the most
1,Understanding
1,People who say it's funny are people who pretend to be smart
6,The other person did not understand? I understood. So movies are fun?
6,A movie with high expectations poisoned... I like the fresh material. The trailer is all about it
3,Your score is high. I didn't think it was funny
1,I wasn't having fun. Why is it so hard to watch a movie?
6,The sound of La Festa tube is so bad. It was worse than the 5.1 sound of the PC and ruined the movie.
1,I slept well. What a waste of money~~
1,Totally boring and I don't know what it's about
5,Did you expect too much?It was fun but boring...
1,I'm lowering my horoscope
6,Holding weightlifting with the gods
4,The independent relationship between being good and competent.
6,lift with laughter and emotion
1,a good look at how women are consumed
6,I'm sorry for the second half.
6,I'm crying because you're making me squeeze it
1,Why is my horoscope so high?
1,a movie about the climax of forced garbage
1,have too high a rating
3,It feels like I'm squeezing to make you sad
1,zero originality
3,It was neither touching nor funny
5,It's just like a Korean movie.
1,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
1,Couldn't you make the movie more sophisticated? Bumsoo is so close
4,I don't understand that it's 9 points.
6,I can see you trying to make the audience cry
1, A.
6,I admit I was about to cry. I admit it was a movie worth watching
6,It's a heart-warming Korean sports movie!
1,What's so funny about this? This movie is the worst forced emotion. I was annoyed because you forced me to cry
1,You're forcing itHow long are you going to be touched by this script?I'm disappointed
5,It's a bit far-fetched.It's not natural. I try to force myself to be moved
3,Not up to a rating of nine. a movie about 7.5-8
2,Why is this all of a sudden sexual violence? Is it criticism or fiction?
6,I'm in tears. Don't hit them.
4,The killing time story is too concise and too fast. Zero electric tension
1,It was childish and childish and far-fetched
3,How can you give 10 points to this kind of movie after not watching it? That's so funny
5,It's so predictable that I've been deluding myself into seeing the future throughout the whole time
1,"Barefoot Dream" and the two great mountains.
1,I don't like it.
1,Too bad there's no zero. I am sick and tired of being a new man.
1,It's my first time logging in... The ratings are too high.
3,The title is just a title
2,You're trying to make her cry. You're trying to force her to cry
1,It's not 9 points...-_- I'll give you about 7-8 points because of the movie part-time job
6,It's obvious. It's forced.
2,I'm glad I didn't see you at the theater
1,This is a movie that should never be in the top 50
1,Oh my god
1,It's just a forced tear-jerking movie... ...disappointing. Jjamppong from various movies...
5,The rating is too high Your part-time job is too much.
6,I feel a little empty even after seeing it
1,The new coach makes me swear
6,I recommend it just to feel touched
1,For bubble adjustment
1,That's too much
1,I don't want Joan to come out--
1,It's not fun
1,Bubble film after national team member
5,King Kong. The rating is 9.25... That's ridiculous.Million Dollar Baby 8.85 is similar
2,Saving Private Ryan is the best
1,I don't really...
1,Committee on the Preservation of Masterpiece
1,It doesn't make sense to score higher than the national team
1,You did a great job in creating a forced impression
3,The whining tears are too much.
1,How many part-timers did I use?
1,not much
1,I'm so touched
1,It's corny... I slept
1,That's an unacceptable rating.Compared to Korea University...7 points is appropriate
1,cliché and popular content
1,It is too high for the national team.Let's cut it
1,I guess it's the national team's masterpiece.
1,It wasn't fun.
6,Six points
1,It's overrated
1,Overrated... The national team is the best
1,The second half of the story is about how to kill the excitement. a movie with 7 to 7.5 points
5,I personally didn't like it because it seemed to induce forced tears
6,Much better than the national university -- the real Korean part-timers;
1,It's definitely not a nine-point movie. It's not even sad. It's just like a fun drama.
1,Oh my god.
4,That's so funny
4,It was fun!*^.^*
4,That's funny
6,There are still many things to learn about sports movies in Hollywood.
6,That's too much
5,The ridiculous development makes even the emotions I felt meaningless...
1,It's not fun. It's a movie with 5 points
1,Lee Beomsoo's fake acting is amazing
1,Why is this a 9.28 movie?
6,You know what popular movies are. It's official.k
1,A masterpiece scoffs at me
6,Why are you trying to squeeze it out?
1,Why does this appear on the first page of the overall ranking?
1,I hate this new drama
1,The coach went so fast at the end.
1,It's a movie that I made with the intention of making the audience cry. I really don't want to cry
2,The rating is too much... My hands and feet are cringing...There was no emotion and the obvious content dried up my emotions.
6,It's kind of a cliche movie... Less than I expected?
3,The obvious ending...The obvious development...It was boring. The expected development and ending were so touching
1,I don't recommend it
6,moving
5,I don't know. The score is too high
1,Let's think about whether this is a great place to beat the world's best
1,Why is Korean movie rated so high?
1,It's fun
6,The Shinto school is strong. I could have held it higher. That's too bad
6,The character who came out as the opposing coach is still using such a childish character.It's frustrating
5,I'm sure it's a good movie. There are too many part-timers
1,It couldn’t be worse.
6,It's worth watching.have a lot of bubbles in one's GPA
1,What is wrong with Korean movies these days? The truth of the alleged rating manipulation.
6,A movie that lacks a lot compared to eugenics
1,I'll give you 10 dogs and cows because you're kidding me
5,I feel sorry for the calm and sophisticated direction. It's the same production of "Both Eight Years".
1,It's too high
1,Mother-in-law is sleeping...
5,I slept because it was simple
6,Did I look forward to it too much?I didn't cry because I didn't have to laugh all the time
1,What's next after King Kong National University?
1,I can see that you're trying to impress me.
1,This isn't right
1,I don't like it.
1,Man: That's a cheap drama -- this is second in the overall rating? You're kidding
5,a moving prop Joan's acting is good
6,It's touching even though I can see a bit of forced emotion.
1,It's not fun. How can you get a high score?
6,I cry more than I sweat
1,Let's lower the score.It's obvious that I'm trying to refrain from watching movies with Lee Bumsoo
1,with a high rating
5,It's not a bad idea to just waste time. I can't recommend it to my acquaintances.
1,This isn't it at all...--; I watched it because I heard it was real.There was a reason...
1,I couldn't feel the emotion. The overrated movie
1,I don't understand why the ratings are so high.
1,Well...
1,Bubbles are supposed to fall out anyway.K
2,It's not that...
5,I want to put some weight in the ass coach
6,It's not that it's not boring.But it's not that kind of movie.The rating is too high.
1,It's not fun. The story isn't good either. It's about 7 points. Let's cut it
1,I can't believe this kind of movie is fun.  There's still a lot of trash in the audience.
6,Is this a documentary? Not a movie? Where did the movie fantasy come from?
1,Don't give me too much. Six points is enough
5,It's embarrassing if it's too obvious
1,I can't believe this is the 2nd place. I know the level of Korea
6,It was too obvious a new wave movie.
6,Thank you
1,Rating and Administration Committee
3,Isn't that coach bound to beat the kids like that?
1,a pathetic film
1,You're trying to make the audience cry This movie is... Don't force yourself to cry. Director...
1,NAVER rating. This is why I can't believe it. The height of the childish new drama...
6,The dichotomous composition of characters and excessive tears close to the Shinto sect were burdensome.
1,I'm forced to move
1,You're making me log in. That's not funny
6,Weightlifting movies that never existed before and never will. Even if you didn't make a visible villain.
6,It's over 50 points. It would've been a good movie if it wasn't for the melodrama
5,Is it the influence of the national team?
1,It's a weird movie. I watched a great teacher and cried. It's a Korean magazine
5,I think the rating is too high.Where do I have to shed tears? I'm not that touched...
1,It's not real. It's a silly customized act.Does it make you cry if you out? Not up to par...
1,Are you going to provide information about movies that NAVER can't trust?
1,Unbelievable NAVER rating
6,It's touching and fun together. But it wasn't sad for me. I laughed a lot lol
1,The rating is annoying;;;;
6,Everything is as heavy as Dumbbell's weight.
1,I'm really sad about the direction. It's kind of boring in the second half. The 9 points range is too high.
5,To make you sad...
3,I wonder if people these days want to feel this forced sadness even when Good gives money
5,a five-point movie
6,I think the audience would say King Kong is better than the bat
1,A simple forced movie that cries cursing. frustration with ratings How can you -_- in a movie like this?
5,This is touching?? It's so contrived and far-fetched.
1,Is it refreshing to squeeze it out?Is it victory? Humanism has its water supply.
4,I don't understand why the rating is so high... It's just that kind of movie. Don't be fooled by NAVER
1,People who come out in third-rate movies are trying to be too forced to cry and laugh
1,It's a movie with a score of course
1,It's Jaemin but it's too high
2,You're giving me a rating as I want.
1,I'm touched. Is that all you need?
2,Boredom
1,I'm so touched
6,It was worth watching
1,To make the ratings real.T
1,That's a ridiculous rating. That's too much.lol
1,But 9.28 is a bit...
1,The development just disappeared in the middle. It's sloppy
1,It doesn't seem like a rating... LOL It's just worth watching then?Haha
6,The story is...I'm just... I'm moved by this.Haha
5,a tear-jerking film disguised as a sport gross insolvency
1,It wasn't that bad
4,It's hard to...
1,The rating is too high.The audience level is questionable.a seven-point movie
1,Sleepiness
5,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? not so much;;
1,It's really boring
1,It's not as good as I thought. The national team is much lower.
6,Good acting! But it's just a boring movie.
5,Why was this Bumsoo acting so awkward?--; It's just a movie that'
1,9.29 is too much
1,LOLScrew it
6,a basic drama
1,have too high a rating
6,Not really-
4,Just because it rang doesn't mean we were sincere.
1,It's time for the bubble to burst ^^
1,You crazy part-timers...
1,Part-timers...
1,It's not about this rating right now. It's too high.
1,It's not good
1,I'm so touched
1,A similar movie that can't be forced
5,You have to judge things like this coldly I almost fell asleep in the second half of the movie.
1,Why is the rating so good... ...I don't like it
1,Eliminate part-time jobs %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
1,A movie with more than 9 points is definitely not
1,The rating is really really really high... I think a rating of 7.5 would be perfect.
1,This movie has a higher rating than other masterpieces such as 'Life is Beautiful'. A passing dog must laugh
1,The Limits of Korean Sad Movies
1,A movie that makes you cry... I think it's the same for the national team. I won't watch it's
1,be unreasonable
2,The best Korean movie of my life. I give you a star
1,The best trash movie of my life
1,dog litter
1,The rating was so good that I thought I was fooled when I saw it at the theater. I guess you have a part-time job
6, well
1,Why is the score so high? 8 points is just right
6,I looked at the score and it was disappointing.
1,Haeundae is the best
1,A hero who is like a gangster! Why are you beating the doctor?
1,It's not funny
1,I think the ratings are too high...
1,I don't like this mainstream movie
1,Why is the rating so high?It's not this kind of money! Score check procedure
6,I was surprised to see the netizens' rating. It must be a Korean movie
1,I like movies if I have a part-time job. I can't help me
1,It's fun. 10 out of 10. I'm not a part-timer
1,! It's a bit...
1,It wasn't fun at all
1,I'm so touched
6,My hands and feet are cringe-worthy. I feel like I'm begging you to cry.
1,It's so obvious that the part-timers solved it.--;;;
1,Why is the rating so high? Let's work out to lower the rating
4,--;; You have a high rating. I guess it wasn't my type of movie. It was so boring.
1,I tried to impress you by force... The movie itself is a bit less complete
6,The rating is a bit bitter. It's up to the person who gives you something
1,I followed my friend. The feeling of trying to impress me was annoying throughout the whole time.
1,It was just a little fun.The rating is too high
1,Why is Pyeongjeon so high? Your part-time job is kind of bad. It was kind of boring
1,That's too much. The rating... Did you work out? (Sighs)
1,It's so moving
5,It's amazing that the rating is 9.34
1,The stall is obvious and there's no jam.;;
1,I miss Nausica.
1,It stimulates forced tears.
1,It's fun
2,I'm giving it to you for the trouble of the producer.
5,I wonder why you're over 25 years old
1,an ostentatious film
1,Am I emotionally dry? Why is it not funny and sad at all?; not funny
1,Lower the rating. It's too high
5,to be forcedly sad and forcefully touching and forcefully nice
1,Put the production cost into the part-time job
5,How did this win first place? A movie that shows the plot of this obvious poster
1,How can this be 1st place? LOL
1,Your part-time job is amazing. You made me escape from Shawshank
1,a nerd movie
1,Chow is fun
6,I wasn't really sad; is it just me? It was a bit sad
1,"Shinpa" <<====This is it
6,It's not very funny or touching.
1,Chow is good
1,I don't know because I fell asleep
1,It's a piece of course
1,The part-timers are going crazy. LOL
2,I don't like it
5,You can look forward to it. It's so much fun
1,Too old
1,This isn't right
4,a poor scenario It wasn't a movie to recommend to others.
1,I was tricked by the rating...The development was so poor that I couldn't concentrate
6,Which scene do I have to cry in tears? I don't know?
1,It's not a movie to watch with money. Wait for New Year's Day or Chuseok...
1,I don't like it
1,A movie that's too good to write a one-line review
1,That's not fun.
1,tiresome part-timers
1,So the people who gave me 10 points for this movie say that this is the best movie in Korea?
1,Your part-time job is awesome.The smell of part-time jobs is strong
1,That's a good part-time job
4,It's not fun. It's not that touching
1,It's kind of like... squeezing-- and why is the rating so high?That's ridiculous--
1,I don't really...
4,You have to watch this
1,I thought King Kong would come out...
5,Nothing more than a sports movie. for Best Theater
1,This is why I can't believe NAVER'sThat's right
1,How can this be 1st place?
1,Pernicious characters that force the audience to be moved. My hands and feet cringe.
1,Feel heavy.
1,I don't like it. I've never seen a movie like this before
1,It's a scam. Never trust NAVER's rating. Does 9.37 make sense?
1,Not until 9.37
6,unilateral emotional coercion a slightly incomprehensible development It would have been nice if I had cleaned up a little more.
1,It seems that he is trying to make money by making movies with his nostalgic daily life
1,Whether you see ratings and movies and sympathize with Plato why he wanted iron politics...
6,He was tricked again by Naver's rating.
1,I was really fooled.
1,It's my first time getting fooled by NAVER's rating. I don't know until I see the smell of 10-point writing.
1,There are a lot of part-timers.This is higher than Schindler's list. Does that make sense?
6,Obvious story... The movie screen is a bit of a waste to write down the impressions.
6,I can't believe your rating.What do you mean 9 points? The directing is so childish6 to 7 points will be appropriate
6,Your rating is very high. It would've been nice if we met when we were in middle school;;
1,It's too much. How can a movie be higher than a trans movie?
5,This kind of movie is boring.You don't have much material.It's a copy of our lives
1,It's not bad. I don't think it's a grade like this
5,be forced to cry and feel uncomfortable
1,a forced outburst of emotion
1,It's a female movie...It's not bad.He's trying to put in a lot of moving scenes.That's too much. 7.5 points
6,A true story about unpopular sports...It's hard to make it fun
6,The actors' acting is fresh and good. It's so artificial
5,I don't know why it's getting such a high rating. Girls acting?
1,It's a high evaluation!
1,About eight points...
1,To raise the ranking of masterpieces
2,Childish Korean movie...That's why...
1,Ah really... I get mad when I watch a movie like this. Awkward acting and empty humor.
6,I enjoyed watching it.But the score is too high.Lower your voice
4,Why is the rating so high? ;;
1,I'd rather...Transformers... watching...
1,Super ultra trash
1,I can only make this much of a good material...I'm on the same level as Woo Saeng Soon...I'm so touched. Please stop
1,1 point because I can't believe I'm promoting it with NAVER's score
1,It's not fun
1,It wasn't funny. What's wrong with this?
1,There are a lot of part-time jobs
5,I'm neutral
2, well
4,I almost died of sleepiness almost died
1,Is it too much to expect a new side from Lee Bum-soo?
1,It's full of 10 points without 9 points. Does this make sense in common sense? That's too much.
1,What's wrong with the acting? You'll regret it
1,What's wrong with the rating? It's not a 9-point movie
1,I can't believe NAVER's score because of the part-timers. I can't believe I got more than 9 points.
1,But King Kong did not come out
1,When did the Olympics end?
6,Maybe it's because I watched it when I was sleepy... I'm not that
4,Sports movies have the same main content
1,If the villain was a little more realistic. If only the characters cried a little less.
1,An explanatory angle with Sinpa-na-Burin
1,9 points is too much...........
1,I don't want a part-time job -_-
1,Your rating is amazing LOL
6,It's funny to say that I gave you one point and it's not conceptual; it's funny and annoying when you try to force it to ring!
1,Five or six points would be fair.It's not like I'm about to cry.It's just fun and worth watching
1,It's too high
1,I want to take my eyes off the screen all the time.But there was someone crying.0.5 due to part-time job
6,You're such a Shinpa!
6,Touching but no directing. No more movies like "Home"...
5,I think my feelings are dry.
5,I think the rating is too high. Am I the only one who feels so contrived?
6,Gold medal sweat...
1,I can understand the level of audience in Korea. Reflect on yourself.
1,Did I have high expectations for the score? a feeling of being completely taken in  Irritation and disgust struck a different chord.
6,Why is the rating so high? It wasn't a movie that was this memorable...
6,It's like you're trying to get in the mood. I'll bet on Transformers 2 sorry
1,She's trying to carry Jang Mi-ran on her back. be questionable about one's intentions
1,There are part-timers again... Transformers must be scary.
6,There must be a part-time job. I have nothing to say even if you give me 6 points
1,You don't promote a good movie like that... And it's so fictional...
5,It feels like I'm going through a rough patchDo you have to stimulate the tear glands in a violent way?
1,It's all part-time jobs. My friend is the first movie to throw away money
1,Don't look at me. I'm going to catch a dog. I caught a Transformer part-time Transformer.I'm throwing up
5,Do you want to make money? Then you can make the movie fun
1,It's a new wave. It's a stimulating third-rate new wave. -_-
4,calmness
2,It's not even the Communist Party. It's all 10 points? My hands and feet cringed up the whole time I watched the whole time. 0 point for directing skills
1,The world where the part-timers play~
1,falling short of eugenics
1,There's a part-time job... Let's not do this.
6,Am I weird? ^^;;;
6,I think it's contrived. Did you really need a bad teacher?
6,A movie that felt that a new wave could be a double-edged sword. Too much is poison.
1,I watch this kind of movie on home TV. What do you do to watch it in the movie theater?
5,Only the music is touching...Korean sports movies lack 2 percent.Phew~ I'll think more before I make it.
1,It's really trash
1,It's just... It'slightly gracious.
5,It's a movie that's not boring at all
1,My part-timer was tricked by my teacher when I went to see him at school. -_-; Let's stop!
1,It smells like part-timer's kurin here
1,The part-timers give you 10 points
1,I don't know what's funny... ...but Alba's got a rating
2,It's an obvious touching series following "Woosaengsoon". It's boring. There's no newness. It is not fresh.
1,I don't know
6,He doesn't try to breathe with the audience. He's pushing the audience. His directing skills are not good enough! Joan's acting was good!
1,It's not good
1,Wow!
1,I want to sue the part-timers
1,I'll write Venice Khan Berlin as my rating
6,9.31 is too much
1,This is the first time I've ever seen a stupid movie.That's too much media play
1,It's uncomfortable to see tears made by force. It was the first time I left my seat in the middle
1,It's really not good
1,I'll give you 1 point because you said 7 points is enough
1,NAVER evaluation... The lie is awesome
1,a little bit of a little bit
1,I'm so touched
1,Your part-time job is awesome. All the part-timers here gave you 1 point for Transformers. Let's go
1,The downside of that budget movie is not funny
1,Not really!
1,What was the director thinking?
1,The part-timers are so mean.
1,not much
6,It's fun and touching.I was surprised because the dialect was so natural.
1,I don't like it. The rating is too high. I don't know if there are too many part-time jobs...
2,What has become of the country by glorifying the right to campaign? 586 people are now a dog car class. All labor is money. This movie is embarrassing
1,There is only one political color in this country's film. Stop stirring up
1,a film that turns the word "destruction" into evila typical Korean-style political film
1,Isn't this more dictatorship than 1987?
1,Super-luxury fly swarming with lefties knowing they're making money!
2,It's like a gift set for actors who want to look fancy without acting
1,Is it worth living in Korea now created by leftist agitators?
4,Kim Yunseok is the best actor. He's leaning toward a movie that resembles political colors
1,It's fake. It's fake
2,It's not fun. It's fun.
6,The conservative right is definitely bad and it's just a liberal left-wing glorification movie
2,Even if the Reds get in...
1,Red Thought Film Made by Reds
1,What about the humans who lived a heart-beating life? The pro-North Korean lefties have become trash! I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
1,Korea's Yeongho is a chronic soft drink
2,The level of campaigning rights glorified movie trash
1,Kang Dong Won was the main character. I only remember Kang Dong Won and Kim Tae Ri.
2,Followers of Park Jong Chul and Kim Il Sung
1,Typical left wing movie that shows distorted history as it is... A movie that makes a bad guy a bad guy when a mindless person watches it... The truth is beyond... Pathetic.
1,Why is there no citizens demonstrating the COVID-19 dictatorship? He's so nice. Is the current quarantine rules correct? I don't know what the criteria are
1,The best way to incite is to tell the truth and lies mixed together
1,Gwangju is another riot
2,I think it's an obvious political movie
1,Isn't that disgusting?
1,a red movie made by the director of Red
2,586 Motion Picture in Red
1,Let's stop making left-wing movies!
1,History distortion of the red demagogues
1,Are all the part-timers here? Why is the rating so high?
2,It's a very well-made government-promotional film made at the beginning of the Moon Sin-in administration. The conclusion is that the left-wing right-wing Ilbe Jjangkae of Hell Joseon is just trying to take power and destroy it
1,The rating is too high I think the beginning of 8 points is appropriate.
1,Left-leaning movie. And Seol Kyung-gu is the same no matter what movie he films.
2,I made good actors into people's actors.
1,A red-hot incendiary movie
1,It's not fun. Left-wing glorified movies
1,This movie shows what anti-government is that cannot distinguish between democratization and communism. President Chun Doo-hwan is democratic. He knows how to be afraid of the people
1,It's a waste of 1 point
1,I miss the education of Red. Lee Geun-an.
4,Kang Dongwon's acting skills never improve. He's the subject of research
2,Don't learn from movies the typical left-wing film history of the Reds turning into heroes
2,The word "eco-drive"
1,It's not that big of a deal to get in the way of the military government
1,Isn't it too glorified?
1,You mistake movies for history. It is funny to evaluate by looking at stories made up by things that have not even lived in that era.
1,This kind of movie is so boring now
1,It's a rubbish left wing movie
1,I'm captivated by the emotions of Korea
1,Please note that the movie is different from the reality
3,Military Dictatorship No Communist Dictatorship Yes 2020 It seems that the people who campaigned for democratization at this time are the Communist Dictatorship Democratic Movement
4,It's not fun at all right?
1,You're making it into a movie
2,So boring. Is this a movie?
6,People in Gyeongsang-do called me "red beautification." Is that true?
1,? Actors are good at acting
2,It's not worth a trash reviewability
2,Is this really a movie? It's a political movie
1,Did we do a democratic movement like a movie in Gwangju in 1987?Democratic protest like a movie? Why are you pretending to be true?A false movie that is divided between good and evil!!! A demonstration with only victims who can't call the riot a riot!!!
1,10 stars who watch a fiction movie and believe it's real. Ignorant people and local people at 7 o'clock
1,Ratings Manipulation Their Own Film...
1,No fun... I wanted to go home on the way
1,The 586 are now talking about nuclear disarmament and supporting politicians who send their children to the United States to study abroad
1,That's too obvious. 9 points is too much.
2,I'm able to live this well thanks to someone who's red
6,The movie itself was just...I could have given you a good score if you approached me from a documentary perspective
2,I shouldn't have watched it. It's a movie about time
2,I'm sick of emotional movies.
1,Pfft. Dictatorship? Kim Jong Un and Xi Jinping are so good that they feel orgasm and they are going to kill Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan. Shout out "Kim Jong-un and Xi Jinping opposition to dictatorship." You will never be able to do itLOL
1,a political disease
1,It's so beautiful
2,I feel like I'm trying to impress.
3,It's fun. It's a problem because it's fiction. The story itself is fun
1,Too political to watch too extreme a one-sided movie
1,It would have been touching if it weren't for my country Moon Jae In.A movie that can't be touching because it saw their duality...
6,The country is in this shape now because the kids who ran out and protested ignorantly took power instead of studyingThe Ballums
1,- It's definitely not fun. - That's all. ♪ Let's move on to 6 letters. ♪
1,Kim Jong Un shouldn't have been flirting with the red-carved birds now
1,a left-handed movie
2,Gwangju is a riot with guns
1,Moon Jae Ina must-see movie
1,I'm sick of it
1,I don't want to watch a political movies
1,I hate political stuff
1,I wish I could stop watching political movies
1,What did the Reds do well?
4,Is that why the dictatorship disappeared in 2019? Moon Jae In Your Excellency?
5,Only the ball is seen as biased. The tendency of rating experts is also evident.
1,It's a waste to watch Korean movies with money
6,Memories that cannot be left out of modern history What did these unfortunate memories of the 1987 Social Democratic Uprising bring about? What do you mean by this movie that only empowers the 586 generation of socialist university students?
1,Won't 2019 be created because of Moon Jae Hwan? Do you want to appoint a milk soup?
1,Democracy? A movie that the people of democracy interpreted as = the people of democracy. It's disgusting. meet with a riot Do good people steal arsenal???
1,I can't give a low score to a left-wing movie because I'm being self-conscious about it
2,This director is trying to get away with a left-leaning incitement because there's no movie that works
1,A film for a dog pig to applaud the distortion of history
1,Typical demagoguery film now perfect for maintaining approval ratings in the anti-Japanese frame
1,a typical red movie
6,2019 is still the same as 1987...
1,an all-out show of left-wing actors the people who sell their country to the North for emotional gain
1,A government that instigates dog pigs with a movie.
1,The lethal move that leftists bring up whenever they are at a disadvantage
1,It's the same as the cadaver that the regime likes now
6,But why aren't you revealing the list of meritorious people on May 18?
1,The Uninteresting Emotional Pali in Korean Movies
1,This is a faraway movie
1,A movie that justifies the era of the Reds with one person's sacrifice
1,I really don't know why this is a 9 rating. Why do Korean movies have high ratings for Shinpa or past beautiful movies?
1,It's so disgusting. Director Jang Junhwan
1,What is true liberal democracy? I don't think this is right
1,A movie that's too left-leaning.
1,...lol...lol...
1,My heart bleeds.
2,Now the police have become a country where they can't even suppress  Korean people who think of old memories when they think of law enforcement
1,It's childish and boring
1,A movie that lefties like
3,Let's make a movie about Kim Jong Un's dictatorship
1,It's going up on the real-time charts
1,Lefties love this movie Haha
1,It didn't really hit home.than a taxi
1,Is it to promote the Reds?
1,A one-sided political movie is worth one point
1,I don't think it's the current 9.23 rating for netizens writing this. I think it's about 6.5 to 7
1,The movie that the left likes. Look at the critics' ratings
2,North Korean language? What is this movie?
1,This movie is the best comment. The sad reality of being proud of being a dog pig without shame on you.
1,pro-Japanese group Why are descendants in movies?
1,I just watched it without thinking
1,I adjusted the rating~~
2,Oh no! It's hard to leave comments
1,That was too much. Lower it a little bit
1,It's a thrilling movie for leftists who are screaming for the overthrow of dictatorship and sucking up the three great tyrants
1,I want to take out my tearful eyes when I saw this.
5,A movie that even pigs like
1,Moon Jae In A movie that the president will like
6,It's another painful history This should never happen again
1,Is this a movie? Phew...
1,The most vicious politician is not a dictator. He is a demagogue who always appeals to be a victim of group madness with moralism and justice.
1,Left-wing celebrity all-star movie
6,There are too many side dishes. That's a problem
1,What's so bad about catching the red?
5,It's too forceful. reluctance to do anything
1,The rating is so high that I'm to balance it. a six-point film
1,When will Korean movies come to their senses?
1,Is the movie rated higher than Ridley Scott's Gladiator?
1,Chun Doo-hwan is the true president of the common people who defended democracy
1,a dirty world dismissing the socialist movement as a democratic movement
1,a left-leaning new drama film
1,a civil movement called by Marxist-socialist failed red-minded children
1,Nothing is easier to distort the truth than a movie!  It's just a movie about scanning  All cultural content is too red
1,It's like a movie about the death of a part-timer in his 20s at 20 OOO. Moon Jae In OUT.
1,Soulless zombies learn history from movies
6,I'm curious. Why did you pick Roh Taewoo?
1,Bringing out great soldiers to the IMF
1,It's a movie that's perfect for kids who learn history through movies
1,A movie for lefties to the bone.
1,It's a forceful impression and a biased view.
6,I'm wide awake when Kang Dongwon comes out.Why does he always come out when he can't even act?I don't want to see Kang Dongwon anymore.You should improve your acting skills.
1,What a waste of 0.518 degrees. Chosun-dong movie on a unique day of Joseon
1,I want to give you 11 points
5,"Is this the glory?" "It's a punch. I can't believe it."'
1,MBC is disgusting lol Can a movie that's only been released for a year be aired on TV right away?I feel like I'm in a hurry to win the copyright and broadcast because of the regime crisis. Are you guys nervous?
1,South Korea also has a nine-point rating for low-quality Korean films.
1,Is there any reason to play this movie during the holidays?
1,The mbc pups are like trumpets of the regime. Look at the left-leaning pro-democracy movie on holiday. All the movies on public TV are anti-Japanese and pro-democracy chords
4,I don't watch movies that have a political orientation when I'm over 30
1,Let's eliminate pro-China communist Moon Jae In regime and protect liberal democracy
1,Leftists glorifying anti-government protests by leftists pretending to be democratised
2,You're really amazing.
1,The Patriot to the Devil to the Patriot to the Devil.k
1,One point is a waste. Too bad there's no zero.
1,It seems to be a typical promotional movie of the Moonbeol-gu administration.
1,Ugh... A country like bugs...
1,A typical sedition movie
1,The demonstrators were painted as if they were just peaceful demonstrations LOL
1,a trashy socialist communist glorification film
2,It's a third-rate trash political movie that heroizes spy redlings and turns right-wingers into trash villains who try to catch them. People who praise this movie are also HOXY??? I'd rather watch Power Rangers than watch a movie like this
1,The worst film ever to glorify the left-leaning Red Movement.
2,Opportunist CJ sagitts in a service film tailored to the liberal regime
6,There were so many childish crissches that the director saw and he nodded.The movie version is in line with the regime
1,I don't want any cheap regime movies
5,pro-Japanese group The movie where the descendant Kang Dongwon stars as Lee Hanyeol
2,Who do you think you're going to make this crap movie to look good on?I don't want to see it even if it'
1,It's a waste of 1 point. Why isn't there 0 point? You've solved a lot of rumors that show why you failed in a failed movie
6,I went out too much...lol
1,Are you kidding me?
2,Best Picture Award? Make a fuss about the next kick!
1,I watch boring movies and sleep tight;;
1,I'm inciting you to add to the fact that has happened in the past. It's really the fault of the A.D.L.A. in the past. But don't just look at it emotionally. We have a Korean team now Moon Jae InHe's trying to hand over the South to the North But then I'm out of this country
5,The extreme of biased good and bad punishment. The good and evil of all the characters depicted in the movie is so distinct that it is not cliche but mannerism.
1,The rating is higher than I thought.   Not to that extent.
1,I shouldn't have seen it. I feel uncomfortable all the time. Please pay more attention to human rights in North Korea.
1,Isn't 518 a riot?
1,Disgusting throughout the movie with a typical biased political color
1,Please tell me how it ends
6,Tell me why you need to see it
1,A Political Leftist Demagogue for the Moon administration
5,I think the movie would have come more naturally if I had written another actor with ordinary appearance other than Kang Dongwon
1,The reality of the movie industry that can't be sold without agitation.
1,I feel that there are many ignorant people who learn history through movies.
2,Socialism is killing me while demonstrating
1,Don't watch the movie because it's a waste of time
1,It's a glorified campaign movie
1,Only the brainwashed are sorry. I'm sure there will be a day to realize.
1,Worst Propaganda Government Information
1,Worst Propaganda Government Information
6,It's a movie that you must watch with your children
1,It's a movie with a very dark color. As expected of CJ
1,This is called a movie.
2,This is a movie. Amku won't be able to go up until the end credits. Thank you-r
6,It was nice to buy tickets comfortably
6,Don't forget to live a good movie
1,You're working hard It's Jeolla-do
6,My mom and dad enjoyed the reservationI was at home Haha
1,I can't believe this movie is 9 points. I watched it because of Kim Tae-ri
1,The childish third-rate emotional arm keeps popping out... Jang Jun-hwan should learn how to shoot a movie or something.
6,I tried to put too much into the movie. crude
1,Left-handed escape is based on intelligence
1,Left-leaning movie is like a North Korean propaganda brainwashing movie
1,ethjl;;kbggg
6,It's worth watching. It's okay. It's good
1,Institutional movies are... I think it's not good because it's a promotion and glorification of MBC and the Democratic Party.
1,It's really not fun  It's really boring I don't recommend it  It is waste of money.
5,You're not mistaken about what you have to say
1,Isn't this a leftist movie? jQuery224023989056247157747_1525744182486!  A trash movie idolizing an empty group of fanatic psychopaths in the head of a student movement
6,Thank you very much for being born in this day and age
1,The scandalous industrial accident of the Left Zom era is not worth a shot
2,I hope the red traitors disappear from Korea as soon as possible^^
1,I give you one point because it is deplorable that the movie gets a high rating if it only puts political colors in it. I guess this is the limit for Korean movies
6,It was so much fun. Shoes... It's too new
1,I want to stop watching this left-wing movie Don't distribute everything for free and show me cramming ideological movies that seem like a leftist voter! It's embarrassing why the leftists are educating their minds on bad things in the past when they're all the same people who manipulate the media and don't get an independent counsel
1,The Trash Political Movie 1010
1,a OOO movieI can't believe you spent a lot of money on this
6,Too immersed in historical events and the spiritual element is frankly lacking
5,I am confused and confused.
6,There were too many unnecessary cooks.
6,Cover it with your eyes and watch it with a guy who flirt with you
1,Dong is the bad landlord of Rinmin!Let's send the reactionaries to hell!It's a famous line
6,I enjoyed watching itMake sure to watch it
1,Oh... I was watching and it got turned off.
1,Red movies made by the Reds for the Reds in a world of red glamour
2,It wasn't good because of Kang Dongwon. Pro-Japanese
1,I didn't see it.Why was it so popular?
6,I don't know. It's not a very popular movie. It's just a documentary. It's like a supporting actor with personal connections. I can't concentrate wella person's wages
6,A movie with conviction. Unexpectedly interesting.
1,No answer instigated movie...
6,That wasn't very interesting. It doesn't make sense that Kang Dongwon's foot size is 270mm
1,I wanted to describe it realisticallyThen why didn't you talk about Jeon Dae Hyub and the injection wave? Who do you think these people are?
6,The level of completion is not good.
2,I screamed when the candles came out
6,It's a must-see movie!
1,What a waste of history distortion!People's democracy is a pushover
1,An inflammatory movie. An emotional movie. The end
1,I'm not as good as I thought. Let's open it
5,We'll be able to judge history accurately only if there's a movie that sheds light on the harms of left-wing brainwashing students. It's a shame.This is an era when the movie industry has forgotten its sense of balance.
1,It's too political.
1,It feels like it's happening under the Moon administration dictatorship these days shivering
1,SARS is like an incendiary movie K
1,What a waste of time for no funcrying
2,We have to kill all the Reds
6,It was fun. It was funHehe
6,A fierce history makes for a peaceful present
1,What is true? Is this the right way?
1,Not much fun. It doesn't seem to be my cup of tea.
6,I only watch movies as movies.
1,The truth is right to come out. And the reality of the scanning wave and the movement should be revealed.
1,a film that glorifies scanning waves
1,Why do people who call for democratization shout together with the U.S. and North Korea? I can't relate to it at all.
1,Make sure you watch it. Twice Haha
1,It's like another sex offender group of sex offenders
1,A great movie where Kim Yun-seok scolds prospective sex offenders.
6,The movie wasn't as good as I thought it would be
6,It's pretty good to watch
3,His lines are exactly like 1987... The title is 1987??
6,It was fun!
6,Too plain and boring to direct or edit. Only the actors' acting was good.
1,Why do you use pro-Japanese group descendants of Kang Dongwon in movies like this?
1,It's a childish movie that only tries to stimulate forced tears
6,What's the point of picking up the material?It wasn't fun to get into character
1,The worst movie ever. Who told you to watch this? It's not fun. It's boring. It comes out as soon as it starts
6,I really want to recommend it
1,This is a movie. A true movie. A true movie
1,Lefty is generous to sex offenders
1,The rating is about four points. The score is too high. I'll give you 1 point
6,Bloody straight system. But the one that I picked was Roh Tae Woo? Huh? He was supposed to take over from the gymWhat is it?
1,I definitely don't watch movies with sex offenders. It's Gue-Ectona
2,No one knows the truth.I'm worried that I'll be swept away by the crowd after watching a movie like this
1,It's not fun at all
1,No fun. No value as a movie at all
2,This is the political framework. There's nothing in it
1,The rating is too high. Alba heaven
6,They say they don't watch Snowball movies. I can't help it
2,Isn't it a red movie?
6,The movie would be more interesting if you could study with your ears open instead of judging emotionally why the society and Park Jong-chul were caught in a crisis due to dangerous ideas.
6,A movie that made me feel the preciousness of my forgotten freedom and the preciousness of my day. Thank you to all the people who created this era
4,It's not a movie for fun
1,I want to say thank you to everyone who protected the democratic Republic of Korea and I want to say that there are many people who are still trying to protect the collapsing Republic of Korea! Long live Korea!
2,A typical democratization marketing strategy. He's been glorifying and inciting unions throughout the movie. All the brainless actors who judge him to be awake are out in force to lead the government.
1,Left red movie where spies become MIN JU fighters...
1,Two top lefties in the movie
1,North Korea proves that the red movie "Gwangju Incident" is a spy riot
6,I think it was a movie that was worth watching
6,It's a shame that the role of women in history has been erased
4,There's a reason why it's not over 10 million
2,Park Geun Hye And warships.Incheon Landing Operation. CJ's transformation in 1987 is guilty of a change of government.
5,It's five points...
1,Despite having a super-luxury cast and a super-spontaneous. I feel the limitations of the director
1,Waste... What a waste of time and money...
1,Korean movie level. Until when do you get a rating of 9? Is this movie selling well? Let's develop
1,I can see the intention to equate this historical fact with the present reality.
1,It's a red demagogue movie
1,Why should there be a political and rational movie every time the regime changes? I know what the facts are.
1,A movie that contains the spirit of the times in a disorderly and third-rate comic code.
6,It's worth watching. When I'm bored
4,You're so excited. But do you have to put in the theological element?
2,1987? LOL. Typical red movie
3,I didn't really feel that way
6,1987 You Made It Well!
4,the international market of the present administration under the influence of democracy Kim Tae-ri's innocence and Park Hwi-soon's vitality are impressive.
2,I don't know. I don't know.
1,a world without neutrality The opposite opinion is a world that unconditionally lends itself to one.A world where you can't even talk because you're scared. What's the difference between then and now?
6,I used to live in that era.It would have been nice if college students threw firebombs and sidewalk blocks and the riot police were injured themselves
1,I don't think it's my cup of tea.
1,It's a typical left-leaning movie. It's a bit forced
1,a typical campaign red movie
6,Who's the main character?  Are all famous actors supporting?
1,Is it true that people who like democracy but really don't like opposing opinions are being attacked and criticized?
1,You need to beautify the red
6,I can't get into it because the supporting role is filled with famous faces.
1,It's not worth watching. It's a left-leaning movie. People who recommend it are equally left-leaning
6,1987 regime  Too bad. I hope you can overcome it in a more advanced way
2,I don't like...It's just
4,It's already leaked
4,It was so boring.222
6,It's just so-so. It's easy
1,pro-Japanese group Why do people who are descendants and respect you appear?
5,The movie itself is distracting and not very interesting. I think I'd be more immersed if I made it into a documentary.
1,Seol Kyung-gu's righteous acting and faithful acting are so hard to accept that I give you one point. Kim Yoonseok and Yoo Hae Jin were really good.
6,I already know that it's a film of righteousness.
1,It's not funny. I've had a good time watching the lawyer
1,Every time the regime changes...I wonder if the movies and dramas are finished and produced under the regime... Is there no Makada?
1,Political movies are so boring Stop making it
3,The focus on actual events is lacking in dramatic elements
2,It's the worst movie I've ever seen because of the good reviews The pyeong is covered with impurities
1,Bad as what to get a commie to You? Nauseatingly propaganda film and came out. Well try to try a box office by writing a star actor.
2,I went back and forth in such a disorderI'm-- I'm distracted
1,Don't you get goosebumps? The humans who gave seven points for every trick give eight or nine points for a movie like this?
1,Let's watch the documentary on TV. I don't want to see you anymore This kind of movie
2,Ariadouter-Channer-Jouter-Tununu-Channer-Tunu-Channer
1,A film dedicated to populism.The noble spirit is distorted and glorified. A movie dedicated to the current regime.This is why self-righteousness is scarier than dictatorship.
1,The story is weak and unnecessarily written by famous actors. It's a movie that's popular in the left-wing era to make money.7 points is enough
2,A soap opera that follows the North. The country is going crazy.
2,Red Incendiary Film The Patriots Turned into Murderers and Reds Wrapped as Revolutionaries
1,One point... this is how you learn history.
1,I felt very relieved when God Baekgoldan beat up the Reds.Have a long and healthy life!
1,No fun... You have a high rating on the mountain
1,It's a waste of 1 point
6,Kang Dong-won burst out laughing at the composite photo. The ending was emotional
1,The policy of destroying and instigating the movie is even scarier
1,I really wasn't having fun.
1,A lot of people will know. How scary and meticulous the leftist regime's national brainwashing is...
1,The last scene really gives me goosebumps. He's like a mob.
1,I heard there were a lot of real red people.
5,15 years of age or older...Do you know the age range of their parents? I watched director Jang's movie in general interesting way. I think it would have been better if it was a documentary or a series. It is a sad and sad movie in many ways. I personally found it interesting~~^^
5,Ah... something is lacking a lot. It feels like a movie for making money.  And what is Kim Tae-ri? Why does she appear and go on the bus at the end?
2,Am I emotionally dry?
1,It's boring and there's a distortion
1,The candlelight movie "518" is a riot that raised a gun. It was a riot led by the North Korean government that led by the North Korean government. Have a lot of stations on YouTube.
1,pro-Japanese group The descendants turn into democratic fighters.(Laughing)
2,a film tailored to the present administration I'm going to cut it short even if we're going to cut it short.
1,I wish this kind of movie would stop coming out
5,It's not... boring. You don't have to watch it in theaters
1,The level of piggies being instigated by this red movie
1,Rubbish. Ten letters. You're driving me crazy
1,Pornography. It's a money-making world. a hell of a world
2,I don't want to waste my money. Let's skip the free-for-all.
6,The result was the Roh Tae-woo administration. a hell of a ship
6,I feel that the level of our people is still far from the level of comments. I hate neither the left nor the right.When will politics really think about development for our country...
1,I glorified the injection wave too much
5,There's nothing else to watch but Kim Yoon-seok's crazy acting
1,a movie that seems to have been squeezed out for a box office hit
1,Ten letters. Ten letters. Ten letters. Ten letters
1,I'm sure of a good movie. But it's a pity that it's such an obvious ending.^^ I'll lower the rating a little Hah!
4,Is this a true story? lol I guess this director only searched the internet for the June Uprising.There's no tragedy like the director can't handle the actors' passionate acting. I just feel bad that I'm going to eat and live through a left-handed movie
2,I don't think he's using it politically
1,No fun. Really no fun. I don't know what it's about
1,I hope that the Snow Race Torture Death will also come out in the movie!
6,I don't know about the fun... It's like a movie with patriotism
1,It's the first time I've cheered for a villain in the drama
1,The Reds are the worst
1,The worst red movie ever
1,A movie that erased a woman from history
2,It's OO. I saw your score.
1,a must-see red movie
1,It came out on IPTV
1,I'm sick of left-wing tear gas films. Stop glorifying them
6,It was touching to see the nation become one
1,It is best to skip political instigation movies
1,Are there fewer visitors because of God?LOL
1,It's the lowest level of cinematic perfection. I see only political issues
1,Don't look at me with your eyes
1,Did you really watch the movie and evaluate it? Is it a part-time job? I got a bad grade!!
1,pro-Japanese group The descendant Kang Dongwon is coming out.
1,I'm really good at seducing people
1,A red glorified movie. It needs to be burned.
1,That's a lot of sedition
1,Half of it is a waste.The belief that art and politics should be separated remains unchanged. a film whose artistry is zero due to the involvement of politics
1,The worst movie I ever want to see again
6,Vidiscibinishibinishibinishibidizidisibidisibidisibidisibidisibidis
6,Ha Jungwoo has no presence and the ending is not clear. It's not a well-organized movie
2,Kang Dongwon is so handsome
3,It's a movie documentary that's organized by the times
6,It was fun I'm satisfied
5,Ha Jungwoo's presence is so low. I should've highlighted it more strongly. It feels like I saw a documentary. I don't think it's worth watching as a movie.
1,I support this movie to General Jeon who defended the free Korea
1,No movies glorifying mobs
6,More fun than with God
3,There is a feeling that other characters are buried in Ha Jung-woo's intense image. I thought Kang Dongwon was a cameo. It's a movie that's a bit messy.
6,It was like a documentary movie.I think you're really good at acting
6,It was the citizens who campaigned purely for democracyThe people who pretended to be righteous in front of them are injectors...
5,It wasn't as touching as I thoughtIt showed an intention to attract visitors with what actually happened.
6,It's a must-see movie It lingers in my mind until the end
6,Why is it so fancy?LOL It's fun to watch casting
6,Just plain... I don't know
6,Everyone has good reviews. Then I'll just...
6,a film of little importance to one's reputation
4,Is it because I had too much expectation?
1,Is this a movie? Political agitation. Teasing the emotions. Destroying the facts.
1,It's not fun. It's like watching a documentary.
5,Wow! It's so much fun!
6,I enjoyed watching it.
6,It's like watching a taxi driver. It doesn't really hit me
1,It's not fun. Don't waste money. It's a red movie
1,It's a trash movie about throwing firebombs and wrapping up a baby who threw it around because it makes it's worth living without studying
1,The most trashy movie I've ever seen. I can't believe I'm watching this for money
6,Kang Dong Won is too much. a real-life touch The director's intention is to cast all the actors as the main characters.
6,I was angry about the reality
1,A movie made to ruin the country.
2,The flow is so obvious
6,I hope our children don't live in this age of ideology. It's a pity that the reality is also divided between the left and right sides of the liberal conservatives.
6,Thank you. I'm so sad
1,Left-handed trash movie out!
1,Dog pigs learning history through movies lol I'm so much lol
1,I really didn't like it. What do you mean the rating is 9?
2,It's just that people were crying
1,This is also a movie
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.
2,The purity is in doubt. There is too much political color. Violence should not be glorified for any reason. The violence is no different from demonstrations or torture.
1,Until when are you going to make such an obvious story movie?
2,b?n?n?n?n?n? It's unfortunately
1,For the sake of the Lord
1,Are you serious?shivering
6,It feels like something is empty
6,I wish I could've made it better.
5,I was satisfied with the movie except for the level of immersion and the love line between Kim Tae-ri and Kang Dong-won
5,The true heroes we've forgotten so much
6,I don't think it's a 9-point movie.
6,I wish I could express it in a calm and simple way. I'm not driving you too far
6,I don't know how to write it because I haven't seen it
1,You have a lot of part-time jobs. Eat before you work
6,It's too bad that I'm just imitating the times.I wish I'd mentioned his real name more.
6,It's a must-see movie
1,Regardless of the fun... Was Park Jong-chul a human being in the category of ordinary people?
1,It's not good... It's not good...It's not good
2,Han Sang-kyun of the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions came to mind as he watched the words of the left-wing regime's forced emotion
6,I enjoyed it Recommendation
2,I only slept the whole time I watched...
4,Netherand's Spiritual Book in the Open Country of the Czech Republic
1,Fortress directors who make the current situation favorable only to certain tendencies.
6,Everything is a great movie
2,My heart is aching. You made a good movie. Good job.
6,I'm embarrassed because it's like an uncivilized country
1,Just go up to North Korea. Leftist pro-North Korea out. Out
6,It's heartbreaking and uncomfortable
6,It's fun and touching to watch a movie with just one acting skill
4,Don't watch it if it's for fun
5,There are so many characters. It's fun
6,I want to thank everyone. "When that day comes"
1,It's not fun. Personally...
2,It wasn't as fun as I thought
1,I'm sick of these blatant political sick movies. Are you promoting North Korea?
6,I can't imagine there was an era like that.It was heartbreaking
1,It's not fun. I thought I was going to die of boredom.It feels like I've seen him for 4-5 hours. I couldn't relate to the emotional scenes and I couldn't relate to them in many ways. My discount point was such a waste. The purpose is good. The cast members were so excited about the plot. I'm so disappointed
2,a classic left-wing riot glorification film created by the change of government
1,I give you 1 point because the skill of making money is great.This is also a movie. It's zero art investment one
6,The director is not good at mumbling.Ryu Seungwan or the director is good at acting
2,Can you relate to this? The police on the street are just nice to the high school girl spitting on the street. How low is that?
1,It's an obvious movie about a man born to a man who acts like a man and then goes to a goal for a man
5,It's just... It's just a dark feast of course.  I don't feel touched.
1,I really enjoyed myself. (Laughs)
6,Violence begets violence. It's a movie that reproduces what I've heard in the past. Yang Ik-jun's acting is amazing
4,the unfortunate and dark side of our society
1,The only thing I remember is the sea balama
1,I don't know... I can't watch it for more than 30 minutes
3,It is like a Korean movie that gives 10 points to this kind of movie
1,Korean movies are trash that anyone can take
1,Is the subject of independent films always disgusting?
1,10 characters in a third-rate movie
5,Shame on you that this movie represents Korean sentiment.
1,A movie that starts with a curse and ends with a curse
1,I hate it. The worst movie of my life
1,It's a shame that the last one ends in vain
3,It's the height of double abuse!greed
1,It's not fun. I fast-forwarded it in 15 minutes. I'd rather recommend "Dead or Bad" from 2000K
4,A movie that's not realistic... You can't get arrested for assaulting any police officer or person. K
1,Stop smoking!
1,How can he do that to his dad?
1,Why is the score so high? I was fooled. Why is acting so awkward?
1,Half of the script is a curse. More than half of the motion seems to be violence. It was unpleasant the whole time I watched. What movie is this? A dark movie that makes you feel like you're losing your mind.
1,쓰레기 쓰레기 Trash... Stinky story of ugly bottom life. That's the worst
1,What a crazy movie!I can't look at it while it's full of curses
1,I remember nothing but curses. The director is not good at acting.
1,You guys are so sentimental.It's an uncomfortable movie from start to finish. 1 point
1,It was a pooing movie. The director's pride is puffy
1,What kind of movie is this? Don't pick up the meaning
3,What's this dung flies?
2,Do I have to make a movie like this? Annoying
6,The director was an actor
5,Huh? Why can't I see Jung Woo Sung?
5,The atmosphere of the movie is too dark.
1,What kind of movie is this?I felt dirty the whole time I saw it
4,It is better for mental health not to watch such movies.
1,I regretted it soon after I saw it.
1,I know what you meant.But I felt dirty when I saw it
1,I don't know what this movie is good about this movie.Please tell me.I'm really curious...
1,I couldn't remember the story at all because I was so sick of watching the movie
3,I shouldn't have just watched it when my friend told me not to
1,I was fooled again. wtf
6,I can't help but think of Band-Dubi. It's very common to spread messages
1,Aren't you tired of movies about companies that accept money or gangsters? an obvious film plastered with curses
2,I'm sorry... It was very boring...30 minutes is too long.
1,It's provocative. It's just a commercial movie under the guise of an independent movie
1,The rating is so good -- LOL
6,I find happiness not living in such a corner of the house.
5,Too much violence and abuse...There is a disadvantage of boredom
5,a film with few left There are so many swear words like OO. It's realistic but not realistic!
1,Sensational and copycat crimes can occur. It's a bit of a trash movie
6,It's very uncomfortable to look at.
1,What are you going to do with your trash?
6,Sanghoon who sympathizes but doesn't sympathize.
1,It doesn't suit my taste.
1,It's a movie that people with intellectual disabilities who can't deduce as much as they need to feed themselves.
1,Why Spring?
6,You're so abusive.It seems more unrealistic.Half of the lines are 18.
1,A bad movie
3,It was so awkward. Cursing and nonsense. I don't think there's anyone like this in my country yet
1,It's weird...
1,How I feel after seeing it through...It's disgusting. I'm throwing up
1,This is a movie
4,Disgusting movie. It starts with shit and ends with shit
1,It's hard to understand why such a movie is receiving such good reviews. I feel dirty after watching it.
5,I don't know why...
1,Not much movie~ Too much greed~ At least no courtesy to parents~ Nothing left~
6,I guess I still have a low eye for movies. But the acting was just as good as the Blue Dragon Awards.
1,a movie that was unpleasant to watch;;;;
1,a disgusting movie
1,the worst
1,- It's not good.
1,They said to gather up
1,A trash movie that tries to make people understand that the trash that hits their parents is because of their living environment
1,It's disgusting to watch a stupid movie all the time. The rating guys ruin the director
1,I feel like I just got out of the trash can. It starts with a curse and ends with a curse. It's not fun.
6,I thought I was so sad.
6,a movie made by reality
2,Is my head abnormal? I was bored the whole time watching this movie.
1,I don't want this movie to have a bad influence on many people. It's a pretty uncomfortable movie.
1,A movie that doesn't feel good starting with a curse and ending with a curse.
5,This is real acting. But it's not fun. A well-made drama?
1,A movie that is not realistic
1,a trash movie like a poo fly
1,.......what kind of honor...
1,It's not that...
1,It's not fun. I wasted my time
4,a very bad movie for mental health
3,A ridiculous story. I don't know what's realistic about this.
4,The story is good and touching... But it starts with a curse and ends with a curse...
4,The audience is so naive.
1,I don't like advocating for a life of crap like a gas station raid.
1,I just don't like swearing.
1,It's a vicious circle. It's too long and boring.
1,Why is this movie rated high? It's a movie that only curses
1,the life of a gangster
5,It's a movie that's really like a dung fly. He's just cursing. Well ...
1,This kind of movie... I don't really...
6,He beat the police. Yang Ik-jun is a god in the movie. He can't touch anyone
1,The types of people who give 10 points to this movie! Current gangster or bully or unemployed or part-timer or girl
1,Even the title of the song is "Twinkle Twit"
1,I've never seen a movie like this before.A movie that starts with a curse.A movie that was fooled by the ratings of the part-timers
4,I don't know
1,Yang Ik-jun and Lee Hwan. I think they look like that in real life. I enjoyed your daily life.
3,There is no emotion and no content. a dung fly-like movie
6,Not really...
1,I turned it off while watching it
3,It feels like I watched "Green Fish". The ratings are too generous compared to the movie ^^
1,It was such an uncomfortable movie to watch that it was a waste of time
6,It's too much to relate to. I'm just a little uncomfortable. It's hard to see
2,It wasn't fun at all and it was uncomfortable. Why is this?
1,I don't recommend it
4,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.-_-;;;
1,This is why I hate Korean movies. Self-sacrifice. The girl's father has to go to a nursing home.
5,I was just wondering why I didn't have much fun
6,I don't think the movie is as enjoyable as the rating.
1,Why did you make this into a movie?
6,Is it because the uncomfortable movie is too real?
1,OOOO gi
6,the glorification of violence; amateurism of unexperienced self-consciousness. unobjective compassion
1,Sliced fly
6,It's more like a drama than a movie
1,It's like an independent movie.I don't think it's more than 8 points.
4,Not really...
1,It's a trash movie!
1,No dung fly came out
3,I don't want to recommend it.Half the movie is swearing.The actors' acting is the best.There is something to be desired.But I feel uncomfortable
1,a rubbish movie that's a waste of 1 point
1,I don't know why this movie is 9 points We need to lower the score on the family history of a bully
5,This one has a high rating
1,an infamous shameless movie
1,Don't be fooled by the ratings. I frowned the whole time.
1,It's really a part-time job. It's a gangster movie about gangsters
6,The dark reality is too exaggerated.It would've been a good movie if I could express it a little less
1,I don't know why it's in the 9th grade.--;; It's just cursing.
6,There are so many curses
2,He only checks the complexities of low-class life he knows. It's bitter
1,Why is this high rating? What is this? Ju-on is rather touching...
1,Really... Everyone gives me such generous ratings... It was a very unpleasant movie.
1,I stopped watching because I was disgusted by the double-bathing that comes out once a minute.
1,Why is the rating so high? Are there a lot of part-timers? Miner's movie. an uncomfortable movie
1,I don't sympathize and I don't have any lingering feelings. But how many times do you have to say Bogey Burley?
1,That's a terrible part-time job. Violent beautification. A crazy director who's got no morality
1,I think the 9-point evaluation is too much.
1,The rating is too much. I feel uncomfortable. I have to kill all the part-timers in Korean movies
1,The movie's lesson: "Internet ratings are unbelievable.It's all word-of-mouth marketing
5,I'll live like that forever
1,Boring like an independent movie
1,.Well
1,It wasn't fun
1,The rating is too high
1,About eight points...
1,I downloaded it for free and watched it for 10 minutes and put it in the trash can
1,You don't want me to--
1,It's a total trash movie. My whole life trash.
6,The ending... is just like the gangster movies from the 2000s. That's a bummer
1,You're just spewing a lot of course.
1,It's not that
1,The independent movie is still working as a gangster movie. It's selling
1,What is it?
1,But this is too high...I think 9.1 would be good
6,So what? What do you want me to do?
1,It's poo
1,I can't believe the internet rating. What... I'm speechless because I'm speechless.
1,A movie like a poo fly -_-
1,It's not fun. What is this? It smells like poop
1,I watched the movie with a rating and a bad reputation.You're like a part-timer at a cafe club. You're so manipulative
4,I'd rather vote for a mean street than see life in a movie like this kind of thing
1,Are you a poo fly?
4,I don't care about the story. Why do you make a movie with strange kids?
3,After watching this movie...I don't know why this movie has a high rating.
1,What's that?
1,It's all a mess. The only thing that's right is a story.
3,It wasn't very interesting.
1,I don't want any more hype.
6,It just looks like it's well made
1,Why is the rating so high?
6,It's like you'really. You have to do a decent job of glorifying garbage
1,It's really sloppy.
1,The title is so original.
1,The rating is ridiculous!The actor is abusive and the plot is an unconventional and unpleasant movie
1,I watched it on Cook TV.I turned it in the middle...What a waste of money.;;
1,It's not such a bad movie... TZUYU! TZUYU!
1,It's boring and boring
6,A movie that squeezes the rotting pus out of the reality of our country.
6,What a dog!
1,I'll cut the rating ^^:
1, well
1,It's not very realistic
1,Children's favorite extreme bully movie + rating control
1,BAD Accurate Assessment
1,Don't you have a right to be happy at the bottom?It's a movie that's ironic
1,The title of this song is
1,Yes?
1,A movie that pretends to be cool...Only curses are coming out so much.
1,What is it? A movie that I've never heard of
1,I don't know why this has a high rating.;
1,I'm disappointed
1,You're in first place in terms of ratings. I should lower it
4,I just watched it;;; it was a little bit more about the mean street and the family
1,That's not a good rating
1,Why is this... 9 points... not popular at all.Is it the birth of a mania movie?
2,You're wrong
5,It's just...
1,Let's not go overboard. 7.5 points is enough
1,I personally don't like it
6,SOS emergency dispatch [theater version]
1,Smells like poop
1,Cursing and hitting. The end
2,Why should Korean movies be so abusive? I felt dirty after watching it.
1,Too much violence. Coffee's too sweet
1,Just a OOO movie in the back alley
1,What is this?
1,What's so touching? What part of the movie is so touching?
5,I'm acting out the obvious story
1,It was really bad. A movie that made me frown
1,Scathing movies with family members
1,Dung fly is number one
1,Common Materials
1,The rating is too high. Six to seven is enough
1,Don't get caught in the ratings
1,Don't look
1,It's a very common movie. I'm not impressed. I don't like acting.
1,The equilibrium is too high. Unbelievable
1,Are you kidding me? Did only middle and high school students watch this?This movie?
1,It doesn't make sense that this is the number one movie out of all movies
6,It was fun/moved/but would this movie have come out if it had been cut in half?
1,Cursing from start to finish...What is this?
2,Are they all part-timers?
1,It's poop
1,I recommend it to children
6,What do you feel?
1,Well
5,Will it be a good movie if I write good actors when my acting skills are a little low?
6,There were so many swear words!!! Violence is not forgiven by anything I was tricked by the rating
1,I like the title
1,A movie that plays a joke on the audience with children.
6,a vicious circle of violence
1,I'm not as good as a seventh-degree civil servant
1,I've never seen a movie with headphones on because I was embarrassed
6,Other films are woven around;;; excessive sympathetic production is erratic
6,An ugly dung fly one-man show with a terrible fate and poverty and pain! It's boring.
1,1 point... No... 0.1 point...
3,This distinction between ratings;;;;
1,It's really not fun. It's a bad movie
1,Cursing is a bit
1,an abusive movie
6,Did he have to put it in a bowl like this? I almost cut my hand while holding the bowl.
6,The ending is in vain
6,A good movie... But what the media made for me
2,Exaggerated press and masterpiece by a good marketer. I'm disappointed by the cliche story
2,A movie with a lot of expectations and disappointment. Individual evaluations...
1,No more justification
5,Draw a dung fly as mean and mean as a dung fly
1,You live like that because of your pain? Don't justify it. That's a human smell? You're making me laughable
1,I went to the movie theater because the rating was so good. It's a trash movie
1,Why is it so popular when there are so many low-grade expressions and swear words?The movie that lacks a lot of reality. Don earlier.T
6,The content is so obvious.....................
1,It's a movie that only curses from beginning to end... I feel like I've been cursed at for the rest of my life.
1,Why is this movie that only curses? Why is the rating so high?I was bored to death
1,A movie full of swear words and violence. deemed inappropriate to be seen with a lover or family member
3,A movie full of swear words and violence. I think it's inappropriate to watch with your lover or family.
1,A real trash movie. There are no lines and it's all cursing. a gruesomely distasteful movie
6,It's less likely...Why are you suddenly hitting me with a hammer?
1,There is no reason to judge a movie in particular sympathetic way. an old-fashioned and low-quality film.
5,- "Independent Movie." If you watch it without the premium of title... - It's just normalI think it's a trick.
1,This is the story of Ahn Taemin.
1,No one's honest. A movie that takes more than two hours of running time to catch a sigh and a watch
1,Foreigners will think that this kind of movie is Korean
6,an excess of emotion
1,A very bad movie for mental health!  OOO movie that ends with swearing.
1,It's been a long time since I've spent two hours watching a movie. A huge dung-like film.
1,Is it a part-time job rating? It's a really bad movie. It's such a waste of votes
1,It's too much
1,I don't really...
6,I don't know if it's fun. It's not a killing time movie. It's more realistic
1,It's really soggy
1,May you be welcomed only in the dark. I don't want to watch it because it's not a movie made to watch.
5,There's a lot of abuse going on...Extreme depression...
1,Starting with a curse and ending with a curseEveryone left in the middle. Why is the rating low?
1,How much is the advertising fee?
1,Thrack
1,There are so many places to use. Just thinking about getting a civil servant and getting a widow in the neighborhood is trash!
1,There are so many part-timers.LOL It hasn't even been released yet. Why are there so many reviews?
3,I was watching and came out in the middle.
1,No thanks.
1,That's not fun.
1,You're the best part-timer.
1,I know. Why are there so many part-timers?
1,The horoscope is really exaggerated. It's hard to find war movies so boring
5,An incision in a man who performed a miracle without a gun. The eyes of the movie inspired by the bloodthirsty victory.
2,I think there are a lot of part-timers with horoscopes.
6,Sweet potatoes in the first half. The second half is cider. a superficial negativity. an indisputable sloppyness
2,It's so close
1,It's not as fun as I expected.
6,a movie worth watching for free
6,It was so amazing that it was a story of a real person.
5,It's just worth watching. It's real. It's great. The subject of war movies is unique. It's amazing that the main character doesn't die
6,The irony of the movie is that the director is a violent addict.
1,A dung painting made to glorify a dung Christian. /The whole story is about an egoistic dung Christian going into the army and refusing a gun. /Running away from war. Some of the injured were awarded the Order of Carriage.
5,Although the movie is good. I'm afraid Korean military service offenders will use it as an excuse. Do you think you're going to volunteer as a hygienist in a situation where you don't have to go to the battlefield in a war? What about the conscientious Koreans?
5,a contradictory film that is interesting but shows different words and actions
1,A strange movie that depicts the strange values and strange beliefs of the main character. It came out annoyed while watching the movie.
5,I'd rather film a music video.
1,What noble faith and courage?
3,It's an obvious story. I gave up in the war scene rather than in the middle
1,Heresy Pseudo 7th Anglican Promotional Film
1,같은Same conscientious objection--
6,A blow to those who laugh at their beliefs!
5,It's not a good war movie. It is a phenomenal drama that took place in the era of war.
6,A hero's faith and courage are admirable but buried in showing his exploits.
1,You American war mongers are lying.
1,I felt uncomfortable watching "Ddong Gonzo" all the whole time.
3,an American filmMaking a Trite Hero
6,Forty-seven thousand U.S. soldiers were killed.  A true hero is all those who have sacrificed their lives to hell. Had it been more focused on its atrocities.
1,I got a lot of ratings. The whole story is frustrating. It's a boring story about how you can't use a gun because it's a read-only book
1,Why is this coming up on the top of the real-time search list?
1,It was on real-time search
6,EXO... Is it an announcement?
1,That's why soldiers of interest have to hit until they die.But you're not gonna be able to pull yourself together.
1,Those who fail to serve in the military get 1 point because they are unlucky
3,I don't like the way it's glorified.
1,I fell for it. It's not fun because I almost fell. Why don't you make it into a documentary?
1,What a waste of time.
1,Very unrealistic movie. This is why I hate Protestantism.
1,Why did you go to the army and have a hard time?
6,I hope there's no one who refuses to serve after watching this movie
1,It's like trash. What a waste of my money
6,I don't think it's 9 points
6,It's just a normal movie
1,A movie that is not interesting except for religious views.
3,It wasn't fun. Maybe it's because I watched it on my phone. Yeoju is so pretty
6,A movie about the greatness of a man of faith!Desmond is getting cooler as time goes by
5,I was drunk on mibbong and Shinbbong and screamed. I was surprised to see the 100kg jab counterattacking and choked.
6,I couldn't resist turning off the front half and stopped watching it on the way.
4,a conservative film with a view of Clint
1,Mel Gibson is such a disgusting religious man.
2,The male protagonist interferes with immersion. I don't feel like a main character
1,Dirty religious movie 'Spring Because of Andrew'
5,The screen is too cruel. No need to be so realistic. a mental health hazard
1,Obvious content Obvious result Alba's movie by Alba
2,I can't watch it because it's so cheesy because he's so nice
6,He is a very difficult character.
1,How many words do you review the movie? A lot of things. Joo-daeng is the only one who lives
6,Something's missing.Nam Joo always lacks something...
1,Garfield's bad acting is so lame
6,Religious faith is... Not everyone with a religion is like him. So it's a touching story. The realistic and brutal battle scene is also well-made. Mel Gibson is a good director
1,There is no doubt that dogs must be poison
6,a different style of war hero film
6,I really enjoyed myself. (Laughs)
1,I don't really... All I can say is that it's really not good
1,It's a story about the Japanese army with a Bible
2,It's not fun. 10 letters...
6,The score distribution is 73%! Isn't it the Communist Party? It's not this level. Give it at least three days after watching the movie. It's a movie that can give you 10 points
6,I like movies based on true stories Thank you
1,I'm disappointed that it's not as fun as the Incheon Landing Operation.
5,Is it past the age to read the great man's biography? Bad memories of cramming education?
1,realize one's GPA part-time job
5,There are many elements of Christianity. It's boring.
1,No fun at all
6,A very determined star! That's cool!
6,A hero with conviction! Transmission of the crew!
1,The score is too high. It's a religious film that doesn't compare to saving the Band of Brothers and Private Ryan
2,The bombing scene of the movie battle that I expected but didn't meet my expectations was real
6,A plain war movie later there's a calm touch
4,a subtle preaching of former Jesus Mel Gibson
3,Garfield... an actor with no attractive force
1,1 point for evaluating without even looking
6,Korean animation is getting higher in quality.
1,imitating Disney clumsily
1,I don't know what to say.
6,Annie to give hope to fat girls
1,a faux-cheap script
1,It's like a combination of Disney movie stories.
1,I'm disappointed at the transformation of the red shoes I saw with my family
1,Why is the rating so high?
2,Good job designing a fat Asian girl
4,I don't think the story was solid. Why? There were a lot of parts that made me think that. And I think there are few scenes where Flower 7 try to get only princess' heart and show their abilities.
5,It was worth watching as an animation movie in Korea
1,https://pann.nate.com/talk/347293381 <-- Problems with the movie Red Shoes
6,My nieces and nephews loved itIt's fun
6,What's more important than what's inside and what you think
6,It's fun. The screen is pretty and fun
1,It's a mess.
2,You're peeling it. Did you get support from the production? You're going to make it like this with our technology? I can't believe it
1,Oh my god!
6,Why are the reviews so high? Soup noodles?
6,It was just like that. Like "Frozen"! I didn't feel that way
1,an unidentified hybrid that interbreeds Disney and DreamWorks
6,It's worth watching. Snow White's transformation was fresh
6,It's just... It's just so-so.
6,A movie that has nothing to watch except characters. There is no probability of a story.
6,The video is pretty. The story is just...
2,It's so boring and all the Disney fairy tales look just like Rapunzel Witch.
6,The kids will love it
1,I can't believe that mani-minism is seeping into animations. You're going to watch this with the kids? It's like a fami-nation.There's a girl like Barry.
5,The song came out of nowhere and the development...
4,It was fun. Go watch it
6,Snow White. For babies who mix this and that
1,It's a movie that makes you wonder if you mix Shrek and feminism
2,It is different because I am from Disney.
1,What kind of control is a shoe?You get fat when you take off your shoes and slim when you wear them
1,Appearanceism. Childish and shyness
6,It's a fun but difficult movie
1,All the people who gave me 10 points are part-timers? I'm Clementa from the animation world
4,I can only think that he's handsome because he's handsomeYou look like Jungkook of BTS. Totally handsome
1,It's a waste of 22 billion won...
4,I don't know if it's high because it's Korean...The picture is so similar to Dreamworks that it is difficult to distinguish and the composition is very poor;;
4,I enjoyed watching it. Except for the ones that have an animation for children
1,It's much better to watch Toy Story again in time to watch this
3,The light is so bright...There's only one graphic is good.The story is not fun...Probable failure...Characters lack charm...a total mess
2,Megal's fantasy
6,Please keep your shoes on.
6,It is a typical American painting style that is very familiar to Korean animation.  Is it 100% Korean animation?
3,I got the first 3 points
1,National Berry Making Project
5,Appearanceism Annie LOL
3,The movie that was a dead body except for the drawing style...The background music was especially the worst.
6,I don't recommend it for middle school students or older
3,I feel like I still have a long way to go.
1,Your character is Rapunzel Did you copy it?
4,The picture is pretty and the storyline is weak
5,It feels like I'm making a story.
6,I'd like to give you a vote that we made this much quality animation in Korea. I think the kids will like it if they see it.It is a movie that teaches a lesson to the reality that is too appearanceism.
5,I'm good at mimicking Hollywood
6,A movie only for children. The development is sloppy.
6,It's cute. It's cute
6,I enjoyed watching it with my 5-year-old daughter
6,It's a story that's like a mix of fairy tales
6,It's funny and funny. The green dwarf's expression is so human that it's funny. Don't laugh at the adults
2,It's a movie about kids. The music is too bad. Don't look forward to it. It's just a really childish animation
1,It's a movie for kids. It's a bit childish.The character is pretty but the story is so simple
4,I thought it was a parody of Disney's fake one. Shrek
6,9 years and 6 years old. I enjoyed it^^
1,I just emphasize that the animation was made by Korea. The story is just childish
4,It was a movie that I couldn't help but compare with Disney movie. It was a movie that made me want to go out. The rating is strangely too high for the quality of the movie. I think many people have the same review as me because I have heard many times that it is not fun to go out after the movie
6,I don't... I don't like the song either. I saw the kid well
6,It casts Korea on the style of the Disney painting
2,It's not fun. Don't watch it
1,What do you think they'll see when they grow up? Totally misogynistic and outdated
1,No more PCs on Naver...
1,It's like the end. It feels like I'm coming out of the bathroom
6,It wasn't as fun as I thought.hhh;;;
1,That's not funny 기대 I was looking forward to it. It's really not good
1,What's with the worst story? It's so long ago
2,I was so disappointed. Appearanceism...
4,Snow White Frog Prince Rapunzel Mix
4,It's childish and boring.It's just like looking at kids
4,YUQINGHaeng! You idiot!
6,The story is a bit childish in general; I can feel the difference from Disney as well as the music...
1,The limitations of domestic animations are clearly revealed. It's not that it's not always good or bad because it's soupy
6,The development of Korean animation... I wish the story was a little more elaborate.
4,I don't know why it's so highThe discomfort of the ship going to the mountain continues throughout the movie.
6,It made me realize that stories are much more important than graphics.
1,Snow White 7 dwarf + Shrek + Beauty can watch a movie because it is painful.
2,It's so boring and forced smile...
2,An animation created by the planner with outdated grinds
1,People around me didn't recommend it.
1,Red shoes are so childish
1,The content is very... That's the way it is
1,Sexism is awesome. I understand why Korea can't grow into anime
1,It's a waste of even 1 point for an indifferent sexist movie
6,I really enjoyed it~~^^*
6,with a twist of the wrong way
1,It's a story with a cliche and a cliche ending with Snow White and Rapunzel
2,Even the babies who were in the hall of dog boredom were cold
6,It's mixed with Snow White!
6,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot...
6,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot...
6,I recommend it if it's worth watching
1,Like a Chinese plastic surgery beauty. Strange
1,It's embarrassing to say that it's Korean animation.
1,It's not fun. I don't understand why people make this because they watch Korean animation
6,It was obvious and sloppy.  The technology isn't all that bad
2,My child never wants to show me a movie dress shoes make-up pretty close-up The strongest witch in the world wants to have that power but she can only change her appearance and struggle Avengers movie tells me so much They said I look the best and this is pretty
1,Korean people don't believe it no matter how much they try to do public opinion. Does 9.32 GPA make sense?LOL One critic is very suspicious.^^
3,I was a little bored by the obvious story
4,As if you're only concerned about technology
1,Is it just me? It's really boring.
1,That's so childish.
2,I recommend that adults not watch it I looked at the ratings with my girlfriend and came out laughing
6,I want to see it with subtitles! Please increase the number of theaters!
4,Neither I nor my daughter had much fun.
6,I'm not looking at it slanted. It was a bit childish Only elementary school students will like it
6,The message from the movie was disappointing. It was more like a game than a movie.
6,The kids. They enjoyed it
5,A good movie for babies
4,I must have been looking forward to it so much!
2,It was a bit childish for an adult(Crying
6,It was nice to see the combination of Disney and Korean characters
2,I watched it because I like animation. The story is tailored to the age of seven.It's a long way to go to catch up with Disney movies. I think it's better to watch "Lion King"
6,It's fun. Recommendations The kids like it
1,It's not fun. It's disgusting.Kimchi war is much better.Korean animation is impossible to evolve.
1,horse imitations of farmers and herdsmen in southern China
5,The overall storyline is lacking and unlikely. The dubbing voice was so small that I couldn't hear it well. I look forward to better Korean animation in the future. That's too much compared to the recent Toy Story 4.
2,Connect stories that you've seen before in a sloppy way. What a waste of time.
4,Part-time job in the comments. What's this?
4,It's a great painting  The directing skills are really boring I dozed off in the middle
1,It's not funny from the preview. I thought it was an old man's joke
1,It's not fun. I'm disappointed
6,Is it the limit of imagination... It's just an elementary school story. The graphics were excellent.
5,This is how you rate people who haven't even seen it
1,Detective Conan's theatrical series deliberately rating 1 point terrorists purposely rating 1 point terrorists to enlighten those who go around
1,I slept while watching a movie for the first time in my life.
1,I can't believe this topic is still coming out
1,I agree that it was made well for a Korean movie.But it is so Korean to make a movie with this theme in this era. The movie I would have been mad if I watched it with my child
1,It's a very unrealistic story. It depends on what you think.
1,I guess the part-time job runs every 20 minutes I came to see the ratings and saw the comments are all over the place
1,Stop rigging the assessment. How many times do you post the same comment? Don't you have any pride of a producer who wants to win the movie and get honest opinions from the audience?
1,It's not fun because it's a mix of obvious Korean drama story lines
2,It's the worst mess ever.
4,It's fun. Jummalu. Go watch it
1,I don't like this. Don't show them
2,It's the first time I've ever slept in a movie theater. It's a personal opinion of the Enlightenment
1,I recommend looking at Aladdin one more time with comments from part-timers
1,Gukppong! Stop being hateful part-timers. Is this a movie?
1,There are quite a few Rockers employees.Hah!
6,I enjoyed it
1,.... I recommend that you don't go over 7 years old
1,I will never watch Korean comics again because it's a waste of money. I'll never see a Korean cartoon again
2,Why is there only dubbing? You've only advertised with subtitles.
1,It feels like my childhood is being teased
6,Why can't I put Femi in my family movie?
6,The last scene of the movie is disappointing. The tension and action are not as good as the previous one.
2,I'm mad because I got Femi on my face. I've been waiting for this work for a long time.f
6,Jack-Jack vs. Raccoon is the best scene
4,A movie that shows superheroes shouldn't have a family
5,A children's cartoon worth watching
3,Femi is soiling the movie...Ninety percent of that rating seems to be women.
1,Nunio's Continent; Nunio's Blazers
6,The sequel that came out too late...It was just normal.Villain's identity and motives were so predictable...
4,I don't know... Voice actor is not good and character personality has changed too much. Not the characters in the first part. I couldn't get used to it the whole time I watched it.
1,Muscles and 30th Public Morality Enthusiasm
1,Below expectations. Distracted and sloppy.
1,I'm so disappointed with this disgusting movie is so disgusting Incredible
6,It wasn't boring to watch with the kids
6,The kid enjoyed it
6,Do you like it? Did you watch it with my princess?
6,Did I have high expectations? I was just like that
6,Showing how they feel inferior while trying to show their feminity
5,I can't agree with the PC sensibility that requires 'it' to be applied.
6,It's not as good as the first one. Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
6,The first one is more fun.
6,It's a lot of fun.
6,It's such a loud movie.
1,I stopped watching because I was bored a waste of time
6,It's just whatever. I don't know if it's fun or anything
6,I've been waiting for this sequel. It's more disappointing than expected. I don't feel the novelty of the first movie.
6,Definitely falling off Pixar. The whole thing is so loose and obvious.
1,It's a feminist movie. Feminists and Women's Organization's
3,I don't think there's a second movie like the first one. It would be nice to see only children who didn't watch the first movie 14 years ago. Both story and action are lacking.
6,A superpower family that's been waiting for so long
1,Spray feminism on a movie that's done
1,Disney CEO seems to be disqualified from other game creators.
1,I watched it well and suddenly became interested when I entered feminism started
5,I watched it with my kid. It's just good enough to kill time.
6,I tried to teach a lesson.
1,It's not as fun as the first one It's boring
6,It's a storyline similar to the first one.It's not that fresh. But I'm impressed by Pixar's quick response to feminism
6,Variations in the roles of women and mothers at home in a male-centered society. Both the message and the fun were good.
6,I can't get past the first one  Regret
5,be far behind in one's previous work have little interest in
6,I give you 6 points for the development of graphics. The story isn't really...
6,About 6 points. For killing time.
1,I don't like it because it's a feminist movie that's not as funny as the first one
6,I enjoyed watching it with my son  He's having a lot of fun
6,Kids say the movie they watched is fun
1,The trash can...
1,Hahahaha. I love you
6,I slept. I don't remember
1,This is also translated by Park Jihoon.
6,It's fun to watch with the kids
2,I don't know if it's fun.
4,an obvious conclusion The audience is loud
4,It's just...The first episode is much more fun
6,The child is funnyI'm doing it
1,What's this scenario? It's the funniest thing I've ever made
6,My 6-year-old son doesn't like it.I had fun^^
2,I enjoyed it more than a kid
6,It's just like that. Even the guys didn't find it fun
1,a dirty work on the Incredible 1
6,I didn't enjoy it. I was sleepy
6,It wasn't as bad as I thought
5,14 years of ice... It'sorry.
6,Cute characters and obvious stories
6,It wasn't boring. It was fun It's kind of
6,It's just like that. 1 is more fun
6,It's fun. It was nice to see you with the kid.
6,It was fun. But why does the husband speak informally and the wife speak formally in Korean subtitles even though it is an American animation movie?
6,I enjoyed it with GFRIENDAh.
6,It was fun thanks to Jack Jack
2,I watched it with my son in 4th grade and I like it
6,I was so happy and moved that the dumplings came out!
6,It was just so. It was a little loose in the middle
6,I like it because kids like it
4,It's a little hectic with a 5-year-old Elementary school is going to end
6,Cool and cool in a cool way!
2,The fear of Chinese capital.
1,Was my expectation too high? jQuery22403369642654512155_1533584255374?
1,Dumplings are the worst. Stereo-filled and tacky
6,(G)I-DLE says it's fun
6,I enjoyed watching you son.
6,Just a fun movie to watch.
4,It's worth waiting for It's fun.
6,I think the first one is better.It was kind of boring to watch with a seven-year-old
6,What's the first dumpling?Am I the only one who doesn't understand?
1,It's not fun...Time really didn't go by
5,It was a movie for kids to watchIt was more fun for kids to watch movies than movies
6,It's fun. I really want to watch the third episode
6,It was worth watching. The baby was cute
6,The dumpling story that comes out in the beginning is more funThe Incredibles are cruel because they fight a little.
6,I went to see her.I enjoyed watching it
5,a bad movie compared to the first one
6,I talk too much and I'm sleepy. The kids...
6,Good. Good3. I'll say "Giddy" too
6,I'm tired of parenting... lol
2,It's not fun. It's boring
6,It's a bit too much for a child to see
6,They're having a lot of fun
1,Let's not be fooled by the part-time job. Look at the cable when it comes up. What a waste of money... Why did you put a childish gag concert in such a wide world...
2,What's wrong with you?
4,I lost track of time
2,I was watching "Idol Ears" and I came out
6,More than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justThan I thought.
2,I fell asleep after watching the dumpling video. Let's be quiet for now
6,I watched it lightly. Recommendation.
4,It was a tough time
6,I watched it without thinking.
2,I fell asleep while watching it.The first episode was 100 times more fun.
4,All the kids sitting next to me complained that it wasn't fun. What a waste of time
2,It's the worst. It's really dirty
6,I lost track of time and watched it
6,It's hard for kindergarteners to watch crying
2,I enjoyed it comfortably They really like it
6,I think Jack Jack is going to get 3 againIt was fun and not boringBut I can't erase the dumpling video♡♡
1,The rating of 8.5 is too high now
6,Watch a scary movie and have a cool time
4,It was below my expectation. Just the beginning was worth watching
6,It was fun and exciting. I enjoyed "Fan ID"
6,I don't know. Rather than a masterpiece...
6,Just look at the children...LOL
1,I guess they're all rated part-timers. Are you all hot because it's fun? The dumpling in the front is more fun
6,It's just... it is. ^^;
6,I think the storyline is a bit lackingYou can't look forward to it too much
6,I enjoyed watching it with (G)I-DLE
2,The kids thought it was so much fun^^
4,It was a movie worth watching with the kids
6,I followed my kid to see it.I dozed off. I think the story is okay^^
1,a cute movie that relies on characters
2,As expected... Just...
6,Was I expecting a lot? Less fun than the first episode. The degree to which it is good to see with the kids during vacation.
1,It wasn't fun. It was hard
6,I don't know if it's because I had high expectations
6,The Bao story before the screening was more touching.
6,It's so boring. It's the worst Disney cartoon I've ever seen!
6,It was fun. I watched it with "Idol Star Athletics Championships" and they said it was fun
6,The kids were bored
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? The first episode of "Wow!"  It wasn't to this extent.
2,Do you think this kind of anime is far away?I really don't understand
4,It's just a childish vacation movie for elementary school students.
6,They like it ^^
1,I saw the dubbing... It's my first time to be in a movie.
6,What's up with the dumplings? I'm really out of it
1,It's so childish. It's fun when you're 7 years old. It's boring and useless
1,It wasn't fun. I really don't recommend it It's a waste of money
6,Isn't the average rating too high? jQuery22408923383927598159_1532861874257!! The content is a little boring... It wasn't as fun as I thought.
6,What did I do 14 years ago?I'm suddenly reminiscing...
6,The scene where Jack Jack comes out is the most fun show
6,I think it'll be fun if you don't look forward to it
6,It's more boring than the first episode~~
6,The part where the baby came out was especially fun
6,Jack-Jack's weight is likely to increase in the third movie
6,I think it's just good to kill time
6,I don't think it's that bad
6,I guess I was looking forward to the first one
6,Elementary school students were just
4,Not really. But the realistic character acting is the best
6,Less fun than the first movie Good to watch once Star 3.5 Boring
2,You've had a good time with the kids
1,1 point for rating adjustment.
1,Adjusting the rating. It felt too long. Just normal JINYOUNG HWA
6,It's not that funny or boringHaha
6,The boat and motorcycle were cool
5,I enjoyed watching it with the younger members.
6,It's a drama for kids.k.a. drama
6,Jack Jack Jack is so cute^^
4,Nice to see you but surprised by the boring composition
6,Only dumplings and jackjack remain in my memory at first
6,The kids are having fun
1,Don't come out on animation. It's a third-rate movie
6,The running time with a 7-year-old child is too.It's a long story. It's worth watching
6,It's fun. The kids love it.
6,It's kind of funHaha
6,There are too many lines...
6,It was fun
6,The composition scenario is the same as the first one.
1,I'll give you one to hit the average. When are you going to catch an underminer?
5,It's boring because it's too lame
6,It's a little boring. I don't even know it's fun
1,Kanoza no Gitsasano
6,I thought it was an underminer story. It's just something to watch...
5,SO SO ...   It's just a time-killing movie.
2,Edna is the only one who's disappointed as much as I expected.
6,It's getting boring as time to time to time.
5,I don't recommend it if you're going to watch it with your child. Please note that the child may be surprised because the impact is too strong in the beginning.
5,It would be fun to have a family like that
4,The dumplings are so cute
6,It was fun. Except the theater was so cold
6,I was going to go home after seeing the dumpling scene.
6,Is Pixar on the same path as Nintendo?
1,Movies like this are so childish.
6,A good movie to spend time with children was a little boring
2,Don't watch Disney's.The children are in a terrible emotional state I brainwash the Illuminati
4,I don't know. Was I expecting too much 22?
6,The baby is so cute! It's fun!
6,It's kind of boring. I don't know what it is
6,It was just worth watching. I think it's good to spend time
6,Jack and Jack just carried Super Cho hard
6,I guess they're too scared I had so much fun Why did you show me the dumplings in the front? I felt bad because it felt like I was taking time
3,Femi twisted my happy memories. forced lines and content
4,I hope you don't dirty your memories by taking out the Femi ingredients
6,Baby Jack Jack is so cute!
2,We can't find PC or fun individually
1,Disney Pixar X Femi Collaboration
6,It's more boring than I thought... I guess they had high expectations.
1,It's worse than a two-hour dumpling
5,I had high expectations!
2,It was worth waiting with the kids for a long time.2 hours goes by so quickly^^
4,I'm seriously falling asleep It's a waste of money and time
6,I slept very well...
2,It's not fun. Don't watch it I was disappointed when I came here believing that it was the worst
2,Obvious ability Obvious story Obvious ending... Just watch it with the kids^^
3,That's such a good review It's boring
6,I was sad that I couldn't watch it because it ended wrong
6,I can't do the first one. I just feel like a sequel to Disney Channel. The first one is fun every time I see it. The introduction is too slow. When will it come? It feels like spring is getting more fun while waiting
6,A movie that both adults and children can enjoy... The Incredible who can do that difficult thing
6,It's not that fun^^~
6,Jack Jack Jack Cute movie for kids to watch
6,The youngest Jack Jack Jack has cute chemistry
6,It's sadder than I thought. I think the first one is better
6,It's funny and humorous I recommend it as a family movie
6,I had a lot of fun watching it
1,I wasn't having fun...1 was so much fun
2,Ha? That's a boring topics again
6,It's totally fun. I don't think this is it^^;;
2,I was a little bored in the beginning. I guess I had too much expectation
1,It was so childish and boring
2,The worst. It's really boring.a waste of money
2,It'since...I don't have any lingering feelings
1,It's really not fun. I strongly recommend not watching it!
6,I'm looking forward to Jack Jack's
6,I felt boredIt's a bit chaotic
6,It's fun. It's fun. It's fun
1,It's not as fun as the first episode.
6,Hm... Hm... Hm
6,It's a cute family Avengers
1,It's an Illuminati movie
4,It was a bit boring
4,It's just a children's movie. I'm worse than the first one. I was sleepy and fell asleep.
6,The couple sitting next to me saw the dumpling coming out and asked me what movie I came to see. Identify the dumpling
2,Which one is more fun? Subtitles or dubbing? lol
6,The kids said they enjoyed it
6,It's not as fun as I thought
6,It's not an Incredible Hero Movie
6,I just did it
6,It's fun. I'm a bit scared when I'm in first grade
6,The kids are scared but they like it.But two hours...It's too long.
6,It's nice to look like an adult or a child
6,It's fun. A movie that fits this summer
6,Not as fun as you think
4,They say it's fun
4,It's worth watching
6,I honestly don't think it's a very normal Annie nine-point trick.How much is this highly praised part-time job? Please let me have a part-time job
5,It's just Jack Jack...It's enough for a baby to come out.
6,It's fun. (G)I-DLE loves it
1,Audience numbers will tell you everything. I am looking forward to.
6,I came out in the middle because I was bored
6,It's not as fun as I expected
6,The first episode is more fun. But it's still worth watching!
6,It's more fun than I thought. Jack's performance
6,I just dozed off. I think it's a cartoon
6,I knew it. I enjoyed it
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kids!
6,It's a loyalty to the original
1,How can you translate a triad into three organizations? That's so low
6,You're enjoying watching 6-8-year-olds
4,Are you looking for a cool movie theater in the hot summer?It was a time when the kids laughed a lot
6,It's fun to watch the first episode
6,Why did the dumplings come out?
2,I thought it was such a waste of time
6,It's fun. A kid likes it
6,Just which part was fun and the rest was boringI wanted to go out while watching it
2,A chaotic hero...I don't know what the intro story is...
6,I got a GPA and I fell asleep in the middle because I was bored
6,Jack Jack has done it all. It shows that the times need a new person
6,I can't do only the first one. What happened in 14 years?
6,It's fun. See you next timeHahaha
2,Great directing skills! It's fun!
1,Please take care of the kids in the movie theater.The kids are screaming and the mom is using her phone. It's a spectacle
4,Nice to meet you after a long time. I shouldn't have met you
4,What is this? The ending is kind of...
4,I liked the first one better. The process of becoming a hero was more fun
6,Follow-up came out too late. The power of the main character's voice actor has disappeared and the overall handling is not very good.
1,I didn't like it I was bored because the story was obvious
2,The dumpling baby was cuter. I guess it's hot because they're saying it's fun
6,It's been 14 years since I was a baby
4,The first one was definitely a masterpiece.But I didn't like the sequel
6,Why is this a full view? I think I need to be more than an elementary school student to understand the funny points and stories My daughter was so scared.  It's fun for adults to watch
6,Jack Jack Jack was so cute I'm looking forward to the third episode
1,Don't be fooled. It's no fun It's for babies
4,I'm sure it's a movie that will catch the Femies.
1,It's not fun. Why is it rated at 9?
1,Two hours of PCism and Feminism promotional video
2,The Incredible 1 is much more...
5,Is it because I was looking forward to it? Compared to the first movie...
6,It's kind of boring... There are no cookies.
1,Femi makes money. a buffet that can be well-received only for its ingredients
6,I didn't expect other people's comments. I guess I was looking forward to it too much.
6,It's fun. It's fun Just.
4,Rehashing of the first episode...But the first episode is missing
1,I don't think so
6,a poor and far-fetched screenplay compared to the first
1,I lost track of time
6,an animation for adults
4,Elementary students left in an hour...I don't know if he had high expectations.It wasn't fun. I was bored with old man's emotions.I don't think I'll watch it in theaters even if it comes out in the third episode
5,That he can listen to his story boringly with his eyes looking at the world.
2,The one with 10 points is a part-time job? I almost died of boredom
4,It is a movie that came out recently after dozing off. Just watch it when you're tired.It's unique because it's an animation format.
6,The story is rather boring. The biggest attraction is that I made an animation in the style of Gogh style
4,A movie that wasted two hours with a new technique...  I want it back My 2 hours...
1,What excuse does the Planning Institute make for the Group?
1,It's so boring
1,The incomprehensible time and the darkness of something beyond
6,It's not the feeling I wanted.Ah.
2,A well-made Gogh promotional video
4,I tried not to fall asleepI fell asleep.
1,It must be boring. Art doesn't matter. The price of the art form is all money and bubbles
2,I think Vincent's painting was more beautiful to leave as a painting. a film full of stories and pictures that failed to keep up with the painting
5,Why are you making me feel sorry?
6,It was so interesting and fun to make a movie with pictures
6,It's a perfect movie to show at the Van Gogh Museum
1,a style that is excessive for long and suitable for mid-length films
6,The ending of the movie is touching
3,I honestly didn't like it.
4,Sleepy. Obvious. Hard work. Not all artistic material can be an artistic film
6,It makes me think about the life of an artist
1,Boring. The picture was good
6,The freshness of the content and the beauty of the visual beauty. a philosophical subject of one's own everywhere to historical evidence A good movie.
1,The reputation of a building that is valued does not include the work force of miscellaneous workers
1,The editing is a mess and the content is cliche with a huge workload.I'd much rather read a great man's biography. The movie poster is everything about the movie.
6,It's fun. Realism rather than hypocrisy
6,I got in trouble because I was sleepy and the dizzy screen was bad
6,A good movie that makes your eyes happy just by watching it
6,It's different... boring.
6,Sleepy if you slept. This is Gogh. Only Bo-saem
6,I could have made it less boring.
6,My eyes hurt because it's too fancy. That's a bit disappointing
1,Let's be honest. Why do you try to fool yourself and just wrap it up?
6,It was just like that.
1,The quality of the screen isn't as good as the movie
5,It's calm. The end is touching
1,You can see the artwork in the gallery.
6,Ah... I don't know...
6,The fun of pointing out Gogh's footsteps with his paintings
5,There is no merit of this film other than the rather unusual experience of being able to appreciate art in the cinema
5,It was a touching movie
5,It was a little difficult to see the expression.Is it because I saw you up close?I'm going to look at it from afar again
6,a calm and moving movie
6,Gogh's intense painting style has hurt since the middle of the movie.
6,I could indirectly see how lonely and lonely the life of an artist's life
5,The new way of expression is good The script is very unfortunate...
4,The picture is good. But my eyes hurt because it moved fast. I was sleeping while watching it
6,It was so calm that I dozed off.But I wanted to know more about Gogh.I need to buy a book.
5,It was hard to understandI think I have a bad image of the paintings
6,I gave a low score because I thought the ending was weird
6,You may feel dizzy when you paint
5,It's artistic. My daughter likes it
1,My eyes hurt on the screen. My eyes hurt
5,A new attempt. EncounterBut the constantly moving picture touch makes my eyes tired. It's a boring development.  Sleeping pills...
2,I was so sleepy that I thought it was ASMR
1,I fell asleep while watching it. Sorry. Let's make it fun next time
4,It was just worth watching. I was dizzy.
1,Did I just use all the visual expressions...  It's like a factory-picked scenario
6,a film painted with fantasy about Gogh as an animation and as a documentary fiction
3,I definitely had a movie exhibition of likes and dislikes.
5,I appreciate the effort that went into making the movie. But the movie was really boring. A one-sided movie is half-hearted. It was unfortunate throughout the movie.
6,I'm impressed with your unique image
5,These are the ratings I've only heard of. Or a rating that ignores the fun of a movie because of its artistry.
6,10 points for a new attempt. Yellow jackets eat too much flat.
6,I was sleepy but it was cool.
6,I'm going to watch it again. I'll give you a proper rating then
1,I've been waiting for the release. What the hell is... the occupancy of the theater that you want to see but can't see... Unbelievable running time...Maybe we'll just get a file of partnership;;;
6,It seems that the view that sheds light on the life of the conversant is too ordinary. It's good to add a background light that was born with a masterpiece in the middle
6,It's unique. It's boring. I shed tears from a series of yawns. It was hard to concentrate because of the shaky picture screen.
5,You're making a lot of unexpected comments with your hard work and production period.I heard it took a long time because you didn't have any money. Is it too emulsifying in the introduction?My eyes hurt and I can't concentrate.The quality of the painting dropped significantly in the second half (approximately green feeling) Most of the viewers were women in their 20s...It's a movie that's perfect for bluffing on social media
1,I slept because it wasn't fun. I don't understand why it's 9 points
6,The painting was beautiful but a little boring
6,Famous paintings rather than movies. If you watch it... Recommend watching with prior knowledge
6,The background of the famous painting style stands out-too ordinary storytelling and composition
6,Maybe a little loose depending on the individual. The end is good
3,Recommended for you who have insomnia.
6,It was hard to see because it was boring and the screen was dizzy
6,There's no way to express us except in pictures.
5,I dozed off in the middle. More than a hundred artists participated? I thought it was a waste of effort. I like Vincent very much.
5,It's more touching than fun.Respect for the trouble of the painting crew ^^
5,A midday human footprint is enough than a grand promotion.
6,The picture movie is shocking.But the story isn't that...
6,Eye-pleasing throughout. Trying to describe Gogh's death objectively in its own way.
6,I slept really well. What happened at the end?
3,Can't you call me Goho? What's Vincent?
1,a crook who plagiarized to save Private Ryan
6,Kim Su-ro's impressive performance by the Northwest Youth Corps
4,Now you see some late actors. the tragedy of fratricidal conflict
5,You're so extreme. You're so obvious about your acting and you're watching because of him.
2,Just such a typical Korean school. Aren't you going to cry like this?
1,Worst... violent movie!
6,There's still a step left...
2,It captures the right spirit of history so well.But I can't give a good rating for a movie.
6,It's ambiguous. I'm sure Private Ryan is crying.Hah!
2,That's a hell of a movie. 18
1,I'll start off with "Saving Private Ryan" and then squeeze the juice out with the new green onion. the worst movie of one's life
6,Saving the Taegeukgi Private. But still... I deserve a compliment for trying
1,Save Private Jjap Ryan
5,A normal movie. It's a bit boring
1,I thought it was the vertex dance when Kim Soo came out.
1,He's a man of many times!
5,The highest peak of war movie in our country.It's bitter
2,I watch it again because I thought of it while playing "Battlegrounds
1,This is not an 11 point. It's one point.
1,The Civil War is a shameful history
4,A movie about a brotherhood that is really touching and sad because the country is powerless and the country that is not even a ruined country is divided and war is going on. a sophisticated anti-communist film whose brotherhood doesn't go beyond ideology because it's not interested in history
1,There is no serious story development of the Gukppong movie.
6,a less realistic film The last scene of Dong-gun showing his Hin-ja and not knowing his younger brother was so unrealistic and childish. A B-rated movie like Saving Private Ryan
1,It's a poo show of tears by the Gunbari Hannam
4,Need to adjust the rating of the movie
1,Coordinating due to overvaluation
1,This is not a point. It's 11 points.
1,Overvaluation Overvaluation Overvaluation
4,It's much better to get Private Ryan
1,the greatest troublemaker of all time raising anti-communism and social unrest among dog pigs
1,You're going to fight to save Private Ryan?
1,It's nothing but tear gas.
1,I fell asleep while watching... Don't go overboard.
1,I think Silmido is more interesting. About 8 points for defense.
1,be reluctant to play a minor role in a corner
1,What makes this movie a great movie?
5,The movie is just...
1,The scene where Won Bin and Jang Dong Gun reunite during the battle. It's the height of a new drama
6,Isn't this a comedy?
1,Let go of me. Oh my god
1,A typical Bong Joon-ho movie that forces people to move. The fake of Saving Private Ryan.
4,the far-fetched scenes of brothers meeting as enemies
1,This movie has a huge deficit
5,It's a ridiculous movie. My older brother is Jang Dong-gun and my younger brother is Won Bin. What do my mom and dad look like?
1,Rubbish made after watching Private Ryan save
1,10 points!
1,rating adjustment
4,Kang Je-gyu's Korean blockbuster obsession
1,It's one of the overrated moviesHandsome actors' fans want to beat Silmi
6,Surprised Scale Ordinary Story
3,I'm comfortable with my fists clenched.
1,It's just a war movie that I didn't like
1,I think this movie is about 8 points. That's why I open it
4,What's so good about this movie?
1,My score is
1,be no better than Silmi
5,not much
1,I can't stand the way a guy drags on
1,The war scene is boring and the storyline is totally the opening...
5,It's a movie that's too strict
5,Kang Je-gyu has no sense of the 21st century
1,The story is so out of order...It's a Korean movie
1,Hair extensions
1,the wife of a third Korean in Japan
1,third generation of Korean residents in Japan
1,the second generation of Korean residents in Japan
1,Korean resident in Japan
1,This is fun? Watch Private Ryan and learn it. That's a masterpiece
1,A sad movie all over?
5,Not really. A war movie with a sloppy scenario.
1,I only liked the war scene.an obvious story
6,Not really. I watched the movie when it was released in the theater.
6,I can feel Private Ryan's fake; sometimes the thin red line...
1,Is it because the director is the enemy of North Korea?
6,There's nothing good except history
1,It was fun. It was a waste of time
1,Eight points
1,Are you kidding? Private Ryan came out years ago... Jang Dong Gun's acting is just low...
6,A movie I don't understand why it's so popular.
1,Why is Pyeongjak in the late 8 points range?
1,It's a very cruel movie.
2,Saving Private Ryan was too much
1,I can only sigh!   Why did the last fighter come out? Phew! Just take it off!
6,A movie that is fun to watch once but not twice.
1,This is not a movie Jang Dong Gun is like playing the first person game while playing the war game dog
1,Kang Je-gyu's fake series. I can't stand it because it's boring and childish
1,Saving Private Ryan. You copied him too much.The t-shirt...
1,Giroud
1,I wish I had come out before the movie Saving Private Ryan.
4,I didn't like it.;; And the action scene is also chaotic because the camera is shaking
1,What is this?
4,It's not all movies that add patriotism to themselves.This is the limit of forced KYUHYUN
1,I don't understand that this movie has a higher rating than revenge
6,Let's start with the Titanic story by saving Private Ryan
6,Saving Private Ryan in Korean version is a challenge for Korean war movies
6,This Younghwan... I went to see how handsome he came out. The price of my face
6,I don't understand why I saw more than 10 million hearts.
4,The New Wave War Movie for Killing Time
1,It was a forced feeling.
1,It's too obvious?
1,Anachronistic worst war film depicting North Korea as our foe
1,Saving Private Ryan. Saving Private Lee Jin Seok. Stories are absurd
3,I can't find the actors' natural lines.  It's so awkward.
3,Silmido is the best
1,I'm not stupid enough to cry
6,Is Jang Donggun Rambo? A movie that lacked persuasion in many ways. I only liked the feeling of a documentary.
2,It seems to be a cheap C-list movie with a history distortion that is tacky and forceful from the filming techniques
3,It's not that...
1,-- It's not fun. It's really starting Titanic. It's about Saving Private Ryan. Im disappointed
1,an obvious story
6,Acting is fantastic. It's crazy
1,a low-grade movie with a lot of Korean supremacy
5,It's not that
3,What is this? It was so boring --; I'd rather look at my father's flag
4,It was very boring. It's not even funny. I don't know why this movie hit the box office.
5,I saved it for no reason.
3,...It's too bad.
6,a rare bubble film A ridiculous story. I think I ate a lot when I was casted
1,It's a movie that's worth zero points
1,Saving Private Ryan. Plagiarism. Think it over
4,I haven't seen anything like this since I saw Silmi.
4,The movie is about an actor who plays the role of an old brother who lost all his emotions because of his awkward lines.
6,Let's go to the hospital. Let's run away
5,It's worth watching. A 99% Hollywood production. You can't expect anything new from Kang.
1,Band of Brothers and other foreign movie clips are too obvious
1,I've never seen such a blatantly contrived movie. All that's expressed is brotherly love
6,Awkward acting and poor knowledge of history
6,There is a reason for the failure of overseas entertainment. There are so many Korean emotions that foreigners cannot understand
6,Catch-all-movie. That's it
3,Hollywood fake wearing a Korean mask.Disappointed
1,Don't touch Optimus. It's going to be smashed
1,Korean movies are just whatever
1,I didn't like it
6,It's just...
4,Here we go
1,Why do you always make war movies like this? Make some blockbusters
4,A huge fantasy based on the Korean War...
1,It's just cursing
5,Korean movies made me feel that I still have a long way to go.
1,How can such a movie have a 100% expert rating? Did you all get paid?
6,It was a little boring.I wasn't that's all right.
5,Beautiful brother love is good...The dizzy war scene...Not really
1,Mr. Kang Jegyu. Stop shaking the camera!
4,It's a movie that made me know what war is like. It's not that fun
2,That's ridiculous. How did this hit the box office?
6,a war movie with a new drama atmosphere
3,I worked hard to shake it.
6,Over-emotional...
5,It's just like that -_-
1,a waste of time
1,a proper Ryan Zoolog
3,It's a little disappointing;
1,a film that begs for a rating on ethnicity I almost fell for it at first.
6,A movie that highlights Won Bin's passionate acting
4,The war scene is not some kind of survival game. A good movie for Korea
1,It's one of the worst five movies I've ever seen
3,No consideration was given to the range of mortar shells. poor content
6,I made it well in my own way. The problem is boring and boring
4,Will the war movie be able to touch the heart without Cho Kuk Ae?
5,a weave of all materials for 6.25
2,Game call of duty is much more like a war
1,Saving Private Ryan from the Korean version...Let's not copy each other
1,Looking for a story in a war? War is destruction.
6,Indian or Mexican films were not so popular.
1,Don't copy me.It's annoying--
2,I followed Private Ryan too much
6,I wish I hadn't seen Private Ryan.
3,Private Ryan's sublime hit the box office with his tyranny over the distributor!
4,War movies instill the common sense that everything goes from there to there
2,Why am I so unimpressed and so uninteresting?I keep thinking about something else
1,A trash movie that the godfather lacks a lot
5,I don't know... It doesn't feel like this
1,I don't know where to praise this movie crying
5,Look at the Band of Brothers and tell them.
3,The scene is cool. But this isn't a tough movie.
5,It's a Chuseok special drama with only Jang Dong-gun
3,There was much to be desired in a Rambo movie to express the horrors of the Korean War
4,The story is as good as the scale
1,I don't think it's this rating. A movie that will only work in Korea
1,Silmido and the most pathetic movie ever
1,Let's get rid of the bubbles.
1,I almost died of boredom
6,It's pretty boring for a reputation. I dozed off while watching.
6,Our movie.
3,It's really boring. a money-strapped film
1,There was nothing satisfactory about it.
2,Too much brotherhood in the face of the nation's crisis is really repulsive.
5,It wasn't like that. What's so great about it?
2,Let's be cool-headed. Aside from being a Korean movie...Very contrived...
1,Phew... Is this a movie?
1,ten million bubbles
4,Saving Private Ryan in Korean version. There's nothing more.
4,It's pretty crude for a war movie
3,I can only talk about the tragedy of the Korean War in a uniform way.
1,Kang Woo-suk or Kang Je-gyu or Korean Hollywood movie.
3,Why didn't I like it?
3,I don't like this... It's not fun for me
4,I feel a sense of deterrence
1,If it's because of Won Bin and Dong Gun...It's time to take out the foam
4,a giddy battle scene A piercing patriotism...The last granddaughter tears are the worst
6,It looks like it's well-made in our emotions.It's too much. It's too much
5,a completely forced movie It's up to the actor -_-
1,the worst.
1,a movie like a new drama that is forced to impress
6,worth a try but lacking originality brotherly love but forceful but forceful
6,Why didn't I like it?
1,I really don't like this movie.
1,It's a movie of inferior quality than Silmido...
4,Stop shaking the camera. The camera is flying. I'm throwing up
6,10 million with 2 stars in the lead. Touching? Not really...
1,It's such a waste of money that even a flat-permed garbage (Hollywood bubble) is a waste.
6,Is this a work that deserves to be ranked second in box office success?
1,She watched it with her DVD friend today. You're the best!
5,Eunju came out pretty.
5,You're cursing. You're making the main characters' faces full
1, well
4,I've seen more than the king and the man
1,It's just boring.
1,Computer graphics is the worst
1,I don't know how it became popular.a half-baked movie
1,Why is it so high?
1,I tried to trick you into leaving a score and a masterpiece.
1,Tragedy of division + spectacular attractions + last-minute tear-jerking = box office hit!
6,He's trying to make it cry
6,I didn't feel much.
3,. in an obvious story Weird concept of time. A work that has tried too many things.
1,I don't think it was funny. 10 million was too much
6,It's just loud and I don't know what the hell you want to say.
6,It was just like that.
5,Nothing more than an extreme commercial film using hyper-nationalism.
6,Where did I have to be touched?
2,DONG GEON and WON BIN are handsome-_- I was tricked.
5,I was so bored until the middle
6,Boredom that I can't get into...
6,Jang Dong Gun and Won Bin come out and watch...
6,A movie with a clear conclusion is boring.
6,I wasn't having fun...
1,I'm so moved. Cheating paper movie...
2,Saving Private Ryan
1,I can't believe this is a huge crowd.I'm going crazy
5,Forced tears...
6,I don't want to be a good-looking guy. - There's nothing else to do but deal with inter-Korean issues
1,Worst movie ever...Where did you spend 40 billion won?
1,How can a movie like this have 10 million viewers? I fell asleep while watching it.an old-fashioned movie
1,It became the worst war movie since Ousam's Windtalker
1,money-wise
6,The tragedy of the Korean War and brotherhood... It was the only movie.
1,a forced/war binge/movie due to the main characters
5,It's a movie that I watched after watching Silmi. This is really not it
1,Why is this movie rated so high? It's not good. 5 points are enough
3,This is a movie that director Kang made because he was excited to watch "Lil Byeonggu"
1,It's a movie with a story about OOO
6,I wish I could be more perfectionist.
5,I really don't like the movie story -_-;;
1,Is it a fun movie except for tears? A poor work. Silmido is a masterpiece! 乃
2,a true god in the war scene
5,It's more disappointing because the content is too obvious.  A story that sounds familiar.
5,a huge but shabby movie
1,It's a movie that lost its concept as a war movie
1,Kang Je-gyu's movie has a lot of bubbles.Sheerina or Hollywood movie copy
6,The video was good.  Something's missing.
5,What if I made it?
5,It's nothing.
1,I thought so much of my brother that it was ugly
1,It's a movie that expresses everything by shaking the camera like Shiri
1,There was a movie like this?
6,It's a very ordinary movie
5,I strongly recommend Band of Brothers.
1,an insistent story
1,It's not that...
5,Shall we?
6,a forced movie As if this movie lives because of its grand scale.
1,If Jang Dong Gun and Won Bin aren't the main characters...
1,The director I hate the most... I think I'm crazy about money.
4,It's not as impressive as the Korean special documentary
1,You have a lot of money.Director Kang Je-gyu...
3,A movie of our own that foreigners cannot understand.The time was short at least was short
5,I am very disappointed because I watched mint candy in the video the day before the movie.
1,Because there's no sexy scene
2,I think it's more about brotherhood than war.Maybe it's because you know the war zone.
1,a waste of time
4,The only thing that impressed me in the theater was the special effects.
4,Slightly drowsy while watching
6,The actors worked hard.
2,Only one star for Gonghyung's performance.
6,He's big and good at acting.But it's just a war movie
4,The screen texture is pretty good with expensive film.
1,This is a poor piece of work that is worth a point.
1,It seems that I have not seen any other Korean movie.Best Compared to Domestic Movies
3,The movie that was obvious...Why do you highlight the viciousness of the Armed Forces rather than the People's Army?
6,a tearful pressure of brotherhood
1,the worst
1,be compared to Silmido
5,Private Ryan's embarrassed work except for the Korean market
1,an obstinate attempt to make the female audience cryWhy is it so popular with people of the same age?
1,When did you--
6,The process of Jang becoming red...Forced... -_- CG effect 0 point.
1,Saving Private Ryan was a mistake--how did it exceed 10 million?
6,If I had put more dramatic elements into it...It's sad...
1,It's a substitute for saving Private Ryan
5,He gave six points to Silmido.
1,The score is too high.Saving Private Ryan is a complete copy.have a look at Silmie
1,The rating is too high for the work.I should cut it a bit.
6,It deserves a round of applause for production costs that are incomparable to Hollywood
1,Kang Woo-suk and Kang Je-gyu: Trash in Korean Movies
5,Really ;; Where does the pot phenomenon go..Do you have any eyes to watch movies?
5,It's just... It's just... It's not bad.
2,a simple repetition of a pointless battle scene a strange black-and-white logic
1,It doesn't fit me.
1,The box office success is absolutely useless
1,Audiences fooled by the tricks of all the publicity media.
5,The subject of conflict between the two Koreas is connected to a far-fetched story.
1,The only thing that comes from being forced to move is a sense of despondency.
1,Think it over.I don't know if the story connects.
1,a film shot at the Academy
6,It's a movie that makes you feel like you'really
3,I don't think the story is interesting. I just watched it because of the war
4,I feel like I'm lacking a lot
6,It seems to have made a Korean version of a well-organized Hollywood-style war movie.
3,I think he succeeded because he jumped on the popularity of Silmido.
6,Applause for their hard work
6,A movie that is more obsessed with war descriptions and CG than brotherhood
6,It's a sad movie because I tried to squeeze out tears
1,Get rid of this crap
6,The movie would have been worth watching if it wasn't for the childish and contrived setting of the second half.
1,Experts give it high because it's a Korean movie The camera shaking is the worst
6,A movie made to keep up with Hollywood.
4,Was he trying to cover it up by casting?
1,It's really boring... I don't know why it's coming up.
2,It's such a childish story. 2 points for the spirit of challenge.
1,forcedness
1,Avoiding bullets is the equivalent of 007.
1,I held it in because of Won Bin. It's a waste of money for the movie.
3,on the basis of one'
1,10 million? Are the audience tired of commercial movies? an incredible plot
1,Is this a movie?
1,I watched the movie for 30 minutes and took out the tape.
6,Praise be to the film's public relations team.
2,I knew why people were wailing in the theater. It's not fun. Private Ryan is a fake
1,It's famous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,Making Money Using Yukio
1,There is also my friend ... that juareum
1,It's not funny.It's not a movie that has more than 10 million viewers
1,A film made out of the exploitation of the workers in the field.
1,Why did I watch this?
1,The story is self-indulgent. It'
5,A Hollywood movie that's just worth watching on a scale. Jang Dong-gun was the only one who got the jok-du
1,Totally trashy. zz
1,I enjoyed the action scene. There's nothing else to see.
1,The level of popularity of such movies in Korea is questionable.
6,It's just that kind of movie... I was really looking forward to it.
5,I can't afford to spend this much money on this. I don't like it
1,Fancy casting. Fancy video...It's fancy on the outside but empty on the inside be snobbish
1,Well
3,It's the worst compared to the name of the biggest box office. a disgrace to Korean movies
1,Lion plagiarism?I totally agree with you.Those who haven't seen the movie are talking nonsense
1,That's too bad. Is Korean movie only Hollywood's best?
4,It's not that fun. It doesn't touch my heart. Is it just me?
5,The power of two handsome stars
1,a hell of a movie
1,OOO movie
5,Marketing wins... It's not touching. It's thrilling. a movie with nothing in it
5,It's the shirt of Jang Dong-gun.How can you not get shot in that situation...
2,I wish I could shake the screen moderately. How many Won Bin do you want to beat?
1,....it's supposed to be a 7 point movie but 1 point because of conceit
1,A movie that's good to watch.Nothing more.
1,I don't like Jang Dong Gun's gun. It felt like watching 007.
5,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it so much
1,That's better than Saving Private Ryan.Who stole it?
5,It's a bit clumsy. Copying Band of Brothers?
1,It's a bit boring
1,The two brothers you showed on the battlefield...
5,I don't want to see it again
1,The combat action doesn't make any sense.
1,It's not Titanic or Private Ryan
1,a film without patriotism
4,I really enjoyed it
1,I'm disappointed...I was dumbfounded.
5,Very lacking in reality (except for war gods of war god of war)
6,It's too bad. It's sad
1,It's too bad I can't choose zero
3,Can you compare it to Saving Private Ryan? You're such a jerk
1,substitution
6,I recommend Band of Brothers.The Korean flag that I saw boredom
1,The reunion at the last battle scene was awesome.Monnum's war movies are all about Baekbyeongjeon
2,A typical tearjerker movie.
6,The probability and unity are so low...A little bit of this story. A little bit of that story
1,Won Bin's acting is causing irritation.Jang Dong-gun was okay.
6,The flow is so persistent.I don't know if it was edited wrong.
1,Was I looking forward to it too much? I was strangely disappointed.I guess I shouldn't look forward to it
4,Where did you spend all that money? It must have cost a lot of labor.
6,There seems to be a lot to be desired in praise of the best...
1,a movie that is more annoying because of its conceit
1,Private Ryan imitated and copied the scene red line movie plus forced touching
6,a faultless but not very good work
1,It is a waste to give a star along with Silmido Island.
1,Red Lotus in Boots
1,We need to have an age system for movie evaluations. Look at this rating and be considerate of the people who watch the movie
2,Why did you make painful memories interesting? 2 points for actors' acting
3,The score for the action
1,It's a waste to give one point. How much does Kang Je-gyu know about the reality of North and South Korea?
1,a high-stakes warlord She's been showing signs since she was a kid. Hoot!
5,I don't know the topic
5,Brotherhood...
5,Copying Hollywood. It's a movie that ends in a two-man show
1,It's a movie that's played by Kang Je Kyu's marketing
5,Kang Je-gyu's safe bread strategy continues... In the future...
1,9.20 That's ridiculous
5,I wonder if the best movie in Asia will be recognized on the international stage.
4,I think it's a little vague to say that it's not the best.
5,Look at the Band of Brothers and discuss it
1,a movie that makes one's heart race
1,Is this what's funny -_-
4,It is sad to see the Korean flag flying.(Crying)
6,I saw the Korean flag flying and reading it as an anisles book.Touching
1,KUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
1,It's like an elementary school arts festival! It's amazing! Everyone's eyes are...
1,It is a waste of money spent.
1,I'm so touched that I can make a movie like this
3,It's been a year since Jang Jun-hwan's "Protect the Earth" was released.
1,It's not as impressive as Silmi...
5,There's nothing to eat at the famous restaurant.a marketing victory
6,I'm disappointed more than I thought. It's fun in its own way.
5,This movie is awesome
2,a long story in a short film
1,I watched a movie. It's so touching
1,It's just realistic.Only the sadness of an ideological divided nation...It's so annoying
4,I think Jang Dong Gun and Won Bin's acting is a bit awkward
1,Isn't it a movie that has brotherly love but no brotherly love?
1,The Korean flag was flying. It was so touching  Jang Dong-gun is a cool guy
5,I wish I had another actress on the show than Lee Eunjoo.
1,Is this movie really a Korean movie?
5,We agreed to get 0 points for battle scenes and 10 points for touching scenes
4,Is Kang Je-gyu only good at putting money?
5,It wasn't very interesting.
5,I was so moved. Fighting with the Korean flag flying!
3,That's a ridiculous tactic.10 million hearts for this movie? It's a scam
5,It's a fun movie. It's touching
1,The proportion of these two characters is so big that other characters don't live much and they're so war-oriented
5,What should I say? An empty scenario buried in a war god.Lack of causal relationship.
2,a trashy film victimized by anti-communist ideology
2,It's not like I'm going to make a movie
1,I don't like this movie. It's too much for the workability
5,I haven't seen this yet. Is it that fun?
1,The last one in the Korean War that changed like crazy.
2,Not really
5,A really touching movie.Applause for the actors
1,It's fun
1,I don't know much when I watch a movie -_-;;
1,★★★★★ That's good.Hahahahahaha
3,I don't want to give stars easily because it's a Korean movie.
2,The best is Pl metal jack and band of...
1,The war scene was not realistic.
5,It's a handkerchief to watch this movieI am doing.
3,Won Bin and Dong Gun's brotherhood avoiding bullets
3,You're not as good as Shiri.That's too bad
5,A movie that combines the development of battle scenes and the poor storyline and the limitations of directing ability
5,A movie that lacks food like a famous feast
4,a movie with a supporting role over the main character
4,A movie from your head made you read Korean history
3,I felt like I was watching a dragon
1,It's such a ridiculous and obvious and childish story
4,You and your brother will win this challenge! You have to learn from friendship
1,a film that combines deterrence and insistence I'm touched... I don'
3,It's just
6,a background that is too much for the topic to handle
6,It stimulated the lost tear glands.a sticky film
1,People who enjoyed watching it...Is it true?
5,It was so sad and touching that I remembered when my husband was also a soldier
1,I didn't think it was funny
1,I think the most boring war movie I've ever seen in my life I don't know why it became so popular
2,It's not fun
3,It's gross
4,Our country is a pushoverGreat movie
5,I'm touched. When will a movie like this come again? Let's be patriotic
5,It was so touching.
2,Is everyone but me in love with this movie? My butt hurt a lot
5,Good! A movie that doesn't need any more words
5,The emptiness that can't be filled by the actors' acting or scale
5,A movie that leaves only a real corpse and a sudden bomb
2,Well
6,I think it's a movie made for something to see.Emotions just come lightly
1,I was so bored that I waited for the movie to end
1,It's just a big scale.
5,A movie with a big scale but a bad scenario.
3,The content of the movie did not match the Taegeukgi.
1,It wasn't fun or touching to me. Jang Dong-gun's acting is the best
1,That's not good
1,I don't like it
1,I don't think the composition is very detailed.
3,It's full of clichés. Lack of originality!!!
1,Why are you watching this trashy drama? It's a waste of time even if you watch it on a computer
4,It's just so-so
6,I forgot the story because of the good effect
6,It seems like it's falling too far from the drawing. The setting is a bit too much
2,It's like a movie I think it's like a Korean movie. I enjoyed it I think it's going to be a hit
6,Touching... It is a prize for the development of Korean movies
2,Not all of them are moving because they're the background of the Korean War.
5,It's been a while since I felt emotional.I want to see you again.
1,It was so cruel that I couldn't see it properly
6,You look like you've worked hard. One more bonus
1,It's not fun... More than Silmi
5,Don't expect war movies;;
1,a film without a climax
1,organization
5,Korean movies! You've improved a lot. A movie of surprise and emotion
5,It's going so fast.
1,Except for Jang Dong-gun...^^
1,Don't export overseas. I'm so embarrassed... trash...;;Oh my ;;
1,It is also a waste to give one star. It's 0 point. It's so childish.
2,A lie movie that many people watched and instilled many lies
1,The height of cornyness! Wake me up!
5,It was the Korean version of Black First!
5,Make sure to watch it. You'll be able to feel the real emotion
5,It's just...
2,A crude scenario wrapped up in glitter and speciousness
1,There's no jam...
6,It wasn't that exciting Why is that?
1,War is no joke
1,I don't want to go to work
3,The level of completion from an objective eyes...
1,..all I can say is disappointment.
3,I think I focused too much on visual beauty.
1,--;; The composition of the material is mixed and the story is sloppy.
6,It's so touching and it's still stuck in my head
5,Don't look forward to it too much. Look
4,What do kids learn at school these days?
5,It was a perfect movie.
5,I saw it yesterday and it was really touching.Dong-gun Jang's acting is great.
1,The addition of astronomical extras to the drama 'Comradeship' has helped ease the unemployment rate!
3,I wanted to go home quickly and find RyanIt was a jigsaw movie